# Initial settings

## Initial settings

#### STEP 1 Log in to the system

After starting the system according to the previous chapter, you can use the browser to enter the system screen (http://127.0.0.1:80). For the open source version, use the default account and password to log in. For the free version and the enterprise version, please use the registration function to register the first one. Account, the system will log in the first registered account as the system administrator.

#### STEP2 Modify the default password

```
Location: [Upper right corner of the main screen] > [Account name] > Change password
```

After the system has just been activated, it is recommended to change the default administrator password first. Click admin in the upper right corner to see the personal information/change password/logout window. Click the **Change Password** button

You can enter the password change interface, enter the original password and the new password to change it. The system will log you out after the change. Please use the new password to log in.

#### STEP3 Set Log level

```
Location: [Main Menu]>System Settings>LOG_Level
```

OMFLOW defaults Log to ERROR level to avoid excessive Log generation. When an exception occurs in the system and needs to be debugged, the LOG level can be set to DEBUG to print out a complete LOG. The LOG is stored in the LOG folder of the OMFLOW directory.

The default LOG setting is 1 LOG file per day, which can be stored for up to 10 days.

#### STEP4 Menu layout

```
Location: [Main Menu] > System Settings > Main Menu Management
```

The administrator can arrange the order of the left menu. Please use drag and drop to arrange. After the arrangement is completed, save it and it will take effect immediately.
