# Sign-off mechanism

## Sign-off mechanism

#### General remarks

1. Click: The parts that require you to click with the mouse will be displayed in bold.
2. Variables: When mentioning dynamic or non-fixed text items, \[] will be used as a prompt, such as \[User Name]
3. Component: Every object in process design is commonly called a component.
4. Field: generally refers to the interface that can be input. In this system, it also specifically refers to the input field in the form design.
5. Tabs: paging options on the interface or window
6. Block: refers to a collection of multiple fields, usually with a name at the top
7. Chapter: When the name is a number such as \[10.1], it refers to the location of Chapter 10.1 in this chapter (approval mechanism). When the name is text, it refers to the content of other chapters.

### Preface

Starting from 1.1.6.3, OMFLOW provides the sign-off function. The sign-off function is used to handle complex sign-off processes and allows users to track the sign-off status. Different from the previous workflow. You must enable the manual processing component to have the sign-off function through settings to use sign-off templates and add signatures/consult opinions, etc.

In addition, OMFLOW's organization chart can now add multiple organization charts by itself, making the use of organization charts more flexible. Multiple organization charts will be very convenient for you when creating task organizations or project-based organizations.

### 1 Organization Chart

Now you can create multiple organization charts, and use the "Same Positions/Rights and Responsibilities, Department Positions/Rights and Responsibilities" component as needed in the process to query relevant information of the specified organization chart. The new organizational chart can also be specified in the sign-off design.

#### 1.1 Add organization chart

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Personnel Management>Organization Chart>New
```

Click the Add button to add an organization chart. The name of the organization chart must be unique and non-repeatable.

#### 1.2 Edit Organization Chart

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Organization Chart > [Any Organization Chart]
```

Click on an existing organization chart to enter the editing mode. Please go to Chapter \[8] for relevant details.

#### 1.3 Delete organization chart

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Personnel Management>Organization Chart
```

Check the organization chart items you want to delete and click the delete button above to delete them.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. After the organization chart is deleted, the related "hosted organization chart" will also be deleted.
> 2. Once deleted, it cannot be restored.

### 2 Job Management

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Job Management
```

All job-related settings of OMFLOW are stored here. When setting the "Approval Design", the information here will be indexed as a job list. It is also the basis for setting the relevant personnel for the positions in the "Organization Chart, Department".

#### 2.1 Add new positions

```
Location: [Main Menu] ＞Personnel Management＞Job Management＞New
```

Click the Add button in the upper left corner of the "Job Management" screen to add a new job. The relevant settings are as follows:

1. **Job Title**: text used to identify the job
2. **Position code**: a unique value. When importing the position into excel, this data will also be used as the basis for new additions/modifications.
3. **Description**: A brief description of the position
4. **Default Rights and Responsibilities**: The default rights and responsibilities of this position will be automatically brought in when setting the position in "Organization Chart, Department"

#### 2.2 Editorial Position

```
Location: [Main Menu] ＞Personnel Management＞Job Management＞Edit
```

The relevant settings are the same as Chapter \[2.1].

### 3 Department

After the 1.1.6.3 version update, if the actual approval operation of the enterprise is consistent with the department structure, the organization chart component also supports searching directly from the department structure. The relevant approval settings are as follows:

#### 3.1 Set default department

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > User Management > [Any User] > "Default Department" field
```

When entering the first stage of approval, if you are looking for the signer through "Positions, Rights and Responsibilities", the "default department" of the signer will generally be used as the starting point for searching the organization chart. For example: if you search for "Use The "Budget Manager" of "user A" will start searching on the organization chart using user A's default department as the starting point.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. If the user does not set a default department, the following priority rules will be used as the starting point\
>    (1) The department in which the user has relevant duties on the organizational chart\
>    (2) The department with the smallest number among the departments to which the user belongs

#### 3.2 Set department duties, rights and responsibilities

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Department Management > [Any Department] > "Position Rights and Responsibilities"
```

"Position Rights and Responsibilities" can be set directly in the department setting interface. For relevant operation details, please refer to Chapter \[9].

### 4 Sign-off

This is a new feature of OMFLOW version 1.1.6.3. It is mainly used to ensure that specific operations or decisions go through a series of approved procedures and steps. It is often used in document approval, personnel processes, project management, contract signing and other matters. The following are related Noun first explanation:

1. **Sign-off Design**: Added in the sign-off management. The created sign-off design can be used in the manual processing components in the process design.
2. **Signatory**: The person who makes decisions and expresses opinions for approval. Multiple "signers" can be set for each approval.
3. **Sign Sender**: The person who initiates the sign-off process. There is only one "Sign Sender" for each sign-off.
4. **Additional signer**: When the signer feels that he cannot make a decision on his own, or believes that the approval must be approved by another person, he can specify someone who has not yet become the signer in this "sign-off". Any person can serve as the signer to assist in completing this sign-off

#### 4.1 Sign-off management

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management
```

All sign-off design related settings of OMFLOW are stored here, and the sign-off designs applied in process design come from here.

**4.1.1 New sign-off design**

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management > New
```

Click the Add button at the top of the "Signoff Management" screen to add a new signoff design. The relevant settings are as follows:

1. **Settings**: This tab sets the basic information for approving the design, such as name, description, and notification method. For relevant operation details, please refer to Chapter \[10.1].
2. **Input**: This tab will display all the "built-in parameters" in the "Design Signoff". You can also enter variable names and descriptions yourself. You can call them on the "Stage" tab according to your needs. For relevant operation details, please refer to Chapter \[10.2]
3. **Phase**: This tab determines that there will be several different approval stages in the approval process. For example, when requesting leave is first reviewed by the team leader and then by the department supervisor, the relevant operation details can be found in Chapter \[ 10.3】Chapter
4. **Notification**: This tab is designed to "notify" the user's approval notification "subject and content". The content here can be edited using the "html tag", and the previously entered tab can also be used. "Built-in parameters".
5. **Python**: If the "Find Approver" of this approval needs to be queried through the API of an external system, you can write code on this tab and use the built-in parameters in the "Input" tab to query. .

> Important points to note:\
> (1) If a non-native package is used in the code, please click the Add button above and fill in the package name\
> (2) After writing is completed, the approval supervisor usage type "External Query" on the "Phase" tab can be applied.\
> (3) Relevant examples and notes on format output are written in the tab.

**4.1.2 Edit and approve design**

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management > [Any Signoff Design]
```

The relevant settings are the same as Chapter \[4.1.1].

**4.1.3 Delete sign-off design**

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management > [Check the signoff design to be deleted] > Delete
```

If you want to "delete" the approval template, check the checkbox in front of the template name and click the delete button on the upper left side of the screen to delete it. Once a template is deleted, it cannot be restored.

### 5 Process Design

1.1.6.3 The sign-off mechanism is closely related to "process design". The relevant functions are listed below:

#### 5.1 Approval field

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Form Design Tab > [Any Block] > + Button > "※Signature" field
```

You can place the approval anywhere, and the form component will display the "Approval History" after the approval process.

> Important points to note:\
> l When the process needs to enable the sign-off function, this field is necessary

#### 5.2 Manual handling of components

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Process Design Tab > Manual Processing Components > Settings Tab > Enable Sign-off Function
```

"Sign-off" is attached to the manual processing component, and you need to check "Enable sign-off function" to use it. It is important to note that once you check to enable the sign-off function, at least one sign-off design and sign-off stage must meet the conditions. Otherwise, there will be a reminder "Check No Approval" in the lower left corner of the screen, which will also cause the process to be unable to continue. For relevant operation details, please refer to Chapter \[11]

#### 5.3 Organization chart related components

**5.3.1 Similar duties/rights and responsibilities**

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Application Management>Application Design>[Any Application]>[Any Process]>Process Design Tab>New>Organization Chart Tab>Fellow Duties/Rights and Responsibilities
```

"Same position/authority and responsibility" is linked to the organization chart, department, and job management. By entering the "user number" and "job code/authority and responsibility name", the system will calculate the "department/responsibility" where the user is based on the "organization chart". "Organization" as the starting point, search upwards (including the user's level) for the matching and nearest "job code/responsibility name", and return the user's "user number, department number".

1. **Job Code/Name of Responsibilities**: Enter the job code/Name of Responsibilities you want to find
2. **User ID**: Enter the user ID
3. **Query method**: Select the query method as organization chart or department
4. **Organization Chart Name**: If the query method is organization chart, you must enter the name of the organization chart you want to query.
5. **Organization Chart Coordinates**: You can fill in the output coordinates of another organization chart component here.

**5.3.2 Department duties/powers and responsibilities**

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Process Design Tab > New > Organization Chart Tab > Department Responsibilities/Rights and Responsibilities
```

The "Department Duties/Authorities and Responsibilities" component is linked to the organization chart, department, and job management. By inputting the "Department Number (ID)/Department Code" and "Job Code/Authorities and Responsibilities", the system will calculate the "Organization Chart" based on the Department/organization is used as the starting point, and the matching and nearest "job code/responsibility name" is searched down, and the "user number, department number" of the user is returned.

1. **Department number (ID)/department code**: Enter the department number (ID)/department code you want to search for
2. **Job Code/Name of Responsibilities**: Enter the job code/Name of Responsibilities you want to find
3. **Query method**: Select the query method as "Organization Chart, Department"
4. **Organization Chart Name**: If the query method is "Organization Chart", you must enter the name of the organization chart you want to query.

#### 5.4 Sign-off judgment component

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Process Design Tab > New > Route Tab > Sign-off Judgment
```

"Process component: Sign-off Judgment" is a sign-off judgment used in conjunction with a manual processing component that has the sign-off function enabled. It is used to inform the system of the direction of the sign-off process whether it is agreed or not.

### 6 How to sign off

After being assigned to a user, the user can perform approval actions through the following methods:

#### 6.1 Quick operation

```
Location: [Main Menu]>My Tasks>Task List Tab
```

When the "Approval Form" is assigned to a user, the user can go directly to "My Tasks" to sign it.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. "Approval Design" must check "Allow Quick Operation" to use this function

#### 6.2 Form operations

```
Location: [Main Menu] > My Tasks > Task List Tab > [Any Sign-off Form]
```

After entering the form from "My Tasks", you can also perform the approval function, and view the relevant form content and approval records.

**6.2.1 Add signature**

When signing, if the user needs to seek the consent of another person, and the "Approval Design" has checked "Allow Signing", the user can click the "Sign" button above or below the form to perform the following operations :

1. **Agree and add signature**: If you select "Agree and add signature", the approval form of the signing supervisor will be sent back to the approval process with "Agree", and additional users must be selected to sign. The user can only select users who have not approved at this approval stage. The user selected as the signer in this option will get the full weight of the approval supervisor in this approval.
2. **Solicit comments and wait for reply**: If you select "Solicit comments and wait for reply", the approval form of the signing supervisor will be retained first, and the signature form will be sent to the user who chooses to sign. The supervisor can wait until the signer's comments are answered before signing. If the supervisor signs before the comments are replied, the supervisor will sign, and the signature slip assigned to the signer will be automatically replied by the system. Note that the user can only select the Users who have not signed during the sign-off stage and are selected as "add sign" in this option will not receive any weight. The weight of this sign-off still belongs to the sign-off supervisor.

**6.2.2 Consultation**

When signing, there is an input box for comments in the "Signature" field. The signing supervisor can enter his comments and ideas here during the signing process, and then select Agree or Deny, and the system will record the historical sign-offs. Records and comments are displayed in the loading form fields.

### 7 Agent Sign-off

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > User Management > [Any User] > Advanced Agent Tab
```

When the user is in the "leave request" status in OMFLOW, the approval form will be assigned to an "agent" to sign on his or her behalf. There are two agency modes:

#### 7.1 Add new signing agent

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > User Management > [Any User] > Advanced Agent Tab > Sign-off Agent
```

Select "Approval Design" and "Agent", and as long as it is assigned to the person through the approval, it will be delegated by the user.

#### 7.2 Add new job agent

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > User Management > [Any User] > Advanced Agent Tab > Job Agent
```

Select "Position" and "Agent", and as long as it is assigned to the person through the position, the user will act as the agent.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. Only the approval slips generated during the "leave request" period will appear in the agent's "My Tasks"
> 2. When both agency modes are met, the “signing agent” will be given priority

### 8 Organization Chart Operation Instructions

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Organization Chart > [Any Organization Chart]
```

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Personnel Management>Organization Chart>New
```

#### 8.1 Set basic information

When designing an organization chart, the first step is to set the basic information of the organization chart, as follows:

1. **Organization Chart Name**: Please enter the unique value name of the organization chart
2. **Settings**: On the right side of the "Organization Chart Name" field, click to pop up the setting interface as follows:
3. **When the process finds no data in this diagram, the department information will be further queried and returned to qualified personnel**: The "same position/authority and responsibility, department position/authority and responsibility" components of the process design will be prioritized in your location. In the specified organization chart, search for personnel who meet the conditions you set. After checking this option, if no qualified personnel can be found in the organization chart, the system will further search for qualified personnel in the department data.
4. **Audit Department & Reviewer**: When the organization chart "escrows" part of the organization to the custodian, and the custodian edits it and submits it for review, the system will generate a built-in process "Organization Chart Review Process" document Assigned to the set reviewer, the review can be conducted in "My Tasks".

#### 8.2 Establish organizational structure

The initial "Organization Chart" will only have one "Organization" icon, which is the root directory location of the tree structure and usually exists as the highest level of the organization chart. Click the \[Gear] button on the icon to set it. The following are related setting instructions:

1. **Department Name**: Select the department you represent. If you check Custom, it will be regarded as a virtual department. Please fill in the name yourself.
2. **Department code**: Continuing from the above, if you check Custom, you need to name it yourself, and it must be a unique value within the organization chart.
3. **Department**: Read only, display the name of the department according to the design
4. **Department code**: Read only, display the department code according to the design
5. **Custody**: After checking, you can set the custodian
6. **Custodian**: Set the user. After setting, the following tree structure of this organization will be hidden and managed by the user.
7. **Department Duties & Responsibilities Supervisor**: To design the duties and responsibilities of this department, please refer to Chapter \[9]

> Important points to note:
>
> (1) Department customization is usually used in non-permanent special department structures, such as a project team that brings together different departments. During the project, the assignee of the process can use the organization chart search function Dispatch members of the task force.
>
> (2) When hosting is checked, the system will host the organization and its subordinate organizations to the designated "custodian". It should be noted that the hosted organization will not be able to be edited or modified until the hosting option is checked again. Until the escrow is cancelled. "Personnel Management > Organizational Chart" will appear in the main menu of "Custodian". The custodian can edit the "custodian" organization. After clicking Save, it will return to the "Organization Chart List" page. The custodian will see There is a "Submit for Review" button at the end of the organization chart. After pressing the Submit for Review button, the "reviewer" specified in the organization chart will receive the review task in My Tasks. If passed, the changes can be saved. Otherwise, the review order will be Go back to the custodian and ask if the case will be closed or retried.

After setting, click the + button on the first "Organization" icon, and an empty organization will be added under the organization. And so on to design the ideal tree structure. After the design is completed, press the save button to complete.

#### 8.3 Other functions

In addition to the save button, there are other buttons alongside it as follows:

1. **Export**: Export the current "saved" organization chart into an xlsx file and save it.
2. **Import**: Provides users with data maintenance in the form of excel files.

> Important points to note:\
> (1) Excel files have a fixed format, please refer to the exported excel file.\
> (2) Before importing, please ensure that the corresponding "position, department" data has been created in the system.\
> (3) When importing, the system will use "organization code and job code" as the basis for new additions and modifications.\
> (4) This action will change the current organization chart structure.

3. **Cancel**: Abandon the current unsaved editing results and return to the "Organization Chart" list.

### 9 Operational Instructions for Job Rights and Responsibilities

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Department Management > [Any Department] > "Position Rights and Responsibilities"
```

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Personnel Management > Organization Chart > [Any Organization Chart] > [Any Organization Chart] > Gear Button
```

#### 9.1 Add new duties and responsibilities

After entering the "Position Rights and Responsibilities" section of the edit mode, click the Add button. The relevant settings are as follows:

1. **Position**: is a drop-down menu composed of "all positions" in job management.
2. **User**: Assign this job to any user.
3. **Rights and Responsibilities**: Can be added, modified and deleted according to user needs.

#### 9.2 Delete job rights and responsibilities

1. **Delete Position**: Click the X icon in the upper right corner of the job responsibilities to delete the "job responsibilities".
2. **Delete Rights and Responsibilities**: Delete the rights and responsibilities of specific positions individually. There is a \[trash can] icon at the end of each right and responsibility. Click the icon to delete the "Specific Rights and Responsibilities". Here Modifications will not affect the default rights and responsibilities of the job management position.

> ※ After the department setting adjustment is completed, click the save button on the upper left to take effect.

### 10 Sign-off design operation instructions

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management > New
```

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Signoff Management > [Any Signoff Design]
```

#### 10.1 Operations related to the "Settings" tab

1. Name: Fill in the template name.
2. Description: Explain or make notes about the relevant information of the approval template.
3. Approval notification settings:\
   (1) **Notify signer**: After checking Notify signer, use this "Signoff Design" in "Process Design", and when this signoff mechanism is triggered in the process, this stage will be notified "Signatory".\
   (2) **Notify the sign sender**: After checking Notify the sign sender, the "sign sender" at each subsequent "signature stage" will be notified.\
   (3) **Notification method**:\
   **System Notification**: After selecting "System Notification", an "Approval Notification" will be sent to the user's announcement notification area at each "Approval Stage".\
   **Email**: After selecting "Email", an "Approval Notification" will be sent to the user's email address at each "Approval Stage". It is important to note that if you want to use this function, you need to Go to "Parameter Management" and fill in the "smtp server" related parameters to successfully send the letter.\
   (4) **Notification text format**:\
   **Plain Text**: Select the "Plain Text" content format, and the text typed in the "Notification" tab will be presented in the "Plain Text" format.\
   **Html**: Select the "html" content format. You can use the "html tag" in the "Notification" tab to present the notification content.

#### 10.2 Operations related to the "Input" tab

1. **Built-in parameters**: Here are the built-in parameters owned by "Sign-off Design". They can be used under the "Notification" tab and the "Python" tab. When used under the "Notification" tab, they will "Built-in parameters" can be called by putting them in {}.
2. **Input variable**: "Input variable" is a variable newly added by the user. This variable will be given a "name" and "value" in the "Design Approval" and "Process" respectively, and in the "Phase" ” tab.

#### 10.3 Operations related to the "Stage" tab

1. **Add**: Click the "Add" button to add a "Signature Stage".\
   (1) **Name**: This field is to enter the "name" of the approval stage.\
   (2) **Description**: The purpose of this field is the "Description" sign-off stage.
2. **Sign-off stage setting**: Design the sign-off stage.\
   (1) **Allow quick operations**: If you check Allow quick operations, the signer will be able to directly choose to agree or approve this review stage in \[Main Menu] > My Tasks > Task List > "Quick Operations" veto.\
   (2) **Allow signature**: If you check Allow signature, the "Signature" button will appear in the subsequent review stage. You can determine whether to designate a "signor" other than this stage according to your needs. The person is the "signator".\
   (3) **Multi-person counter-signing**: If you check multiple people to counter-sign, you can add a "sign-off supervisor" in this stage of approval, and the approval form will be sent to multiple signing supervisors at the same time. When the "Approval Result Judgment" block appears, you can choose one of the following "three methods" for judgment.\
   **Universal Agree**: If you select unanimous agreement, all supervisors at this stage must review and agree to get the "Agree" result and continue to the next stage of approval in "Approval Design", otherwise you will get The result of “Rejection” ends the sign-off process.\
   **Weight Threshold**: When selecting the weight threshold, there will be three blocks: "If the sign-off weight reaches the threshold, it will be regarded as" block, "Custom weight" checkbox and "If the sign-off weight reaches the threshold, the current phase ends" checkbox. The explanation of the function is as follows: "If the sign-off weight reaches the threshold, it is regarded as" There are two checkboxes for "Agree and Veto". When Agree is checked and the weight threshold is reached, the result of the sign-off stage is "Agree" and when Veto is checked, The result is "No". After checking "End the current stage when the sign-off weight reaches the threshold", the sign-off stage can be ended when the weight reaches the threshold without having to wait for all sign-off supervisors to complete their responses.\
   **Weight comparison**: When selecting weight comparison, the "If the weights of the approval results are equal" block and the "Customized weight" checkbox will appear. The explanation of the two functions is as follows: "Then if the weights of the approval results are equal" There are two checkboxes: "Agree, Veto". When Agree is checked, if the total weight of Agree and Veto is equal during the sign-off stage, the result will be judged as "Agree", and if "No" is checked, the result will be Veto. After checking "Custom Weight", the weight field of the approving supervisor will be unlocked. Users can enter the "Weight" number they want to set. Therefore, as long as the weight field is modified, the "Custom Weight" option will be automatically checked. select.\
   (4) **Signing Supervisor**: You can search or specify the "Signing Supervisor" to dispatch the order here. You can flexibly use the "Input Variable" just entered in the "Input" tab here to determine the signing supervisor. The block has several fields, namely "weight, name, type, signatory". The functions of several blocks are explained as follows:\
   **Weight**: The value of this field can be customized during "multi-person counter-signing" and will affect the results of the stage review.\
   **Name**: This field allows you to enter the name of the individual "Approval Supervisor".\
   **Type**: This field has four query methods to query the signer's "sign submission", namely "designated person, organization chart position query, department query, external query". Each type is explained as follows:

> **Designee**: The select department and select user menu will appear in the field behind "Approver", where you can select the "department, user" you want to designate or fill in the "variables".
>
> **Organization Chart Query**: The organization chart name field and query method menu will appear in the "Approver" field. You can enter the name of the organization chart you want to query in the "Organization Chart Name" or fill in the "Variables" ", select the query method in "Query method", please refer to Chapter 10.4 for relevant operation details.
>
> **Department Query**: A query method menu will appear in the "Approver" field. Select the query method here. , please refer to Chapter 10.4 for relevant operation details.
>
> **External Query**: Users can use Python code to find the signer on the Python tab, and the system will automatically backfill the signer you found into the signer field of the external query type.

#### 10.4 Query method

This chapter introduces the inquiry method in the sign-off design. When the type in the "Approval Supervisor" block is selected as "Organization Chart Inquiry, Department Inquiry", the inquiry method menu will appear in the "Signatory" field, " "Inquiry method" has four inquiry methods, namely "same department positions, same department rights and responsibilities, department positions, department rights and responsibilities". Each method is explained as follows:

1. **Same type of job**: Select the same type of job to search. You need to enter the "job name" and "user number" in the following fields or select "variables" or "built-in parameters". The system will search based on the user number. Locate and look up in Organization Chart/Department Management for the job title you entered.

> ※ If the person who meets the conditions for searching in the same department is the user ID, we will continue to search for people who meet the conditions.

```
example:

Fill in the position name of the director. Assume that the number of user A is 1. Fill in 1 in the user number. In this way, the search conditions will be equal to the location of user A in the search department and search for the user with the title of director for approval. people
```

2. **Same Department Rights and Responsibilities**: Select the same department of rights and responsibilities to search. You need to enter the "Authority and Responsibility Name" and "User ID" in the following fields or select "Variables" or "Built-in Parameters". The system will search based on The user number is located in "Organization Chart"/"Department Management" and looks for the responsibility name you entered.

> ※ If the person who meets the conditions for searching in the same department is the user ID, we will continue to search for people who meet the conditions.

```
example:

Fill in the name of the authority and responsibility for budget allocation. Assume that the number of user B is 2. Fill in 2 for the user number. In this way, the search conditions will be equal to the location of user B in the search department and search for the user with the authority and responsibility for budget allocation. Signatory.
```

3. **Department Position**: Select the department position to search. You need to enter the "position name" and "department code" you want to search in the rear fields. The system will display the "Organization Chart"/"Department" based on the department code you entered. Locate and search for the job title you entered on Administration.
4. **Department Rights and Responsibilities**: To search for department rights and responsibilities, you need to enter the "Rights and Responsibilities Name" and "Department Code" you want to search in the rear fields. The system will display the "Organization Chart"/ Locate and search for the responsibility name you entered on "Department Management".

### 11 Manual Processing Components - Operation Instructions for Enable Sign-off Function

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Process Design Tab > Manual Processing Components > Settings Tab > Enable Sign-off Function
```

#### 11.1 Operations related to the "Settings" tab

After checking to enable the sign-off function, the "Designate Sign-Sender" menu and the "Direct Sign-Send" checkbox will appear on the "Settings" tab, which are sign-related settings.

1. **Specify the sign sender**: You can fill in the user number here to set it as the "sign sender" for this approval, or you can use process variables to substitute it. After setting the sign sender, the signer can see the "Sign Sender Name" in the "Main Menu" > My Tasks > "Assigned Information" column, and at the same time, when querying the signer during the signing process , you can also query the organization chart based on the "sign sender".
2. **Direct delivery for signature**: Under normal circumstances, the system will first send the approved delivery order to the "dispatcher", and then the assignee will confirm that it is correct and then "send" the approval form for signature, but if If "Send directly for signature" is checked in the settings, the approval form will not go through the assignee but will be sent directly to the approval supervisor for the approval process.
3. **Other situations**: The following are the system’s judgments on the person who sends the signature under various conditions of “assignee, direct signature submission”:

* "Send signature directly" → No "sign sender" is specified → "Sign sender" is "system"
* "Send the signature directly" → Designate the signature sender → "The signature sender" is the "Designated signature sender"
* Not "direct signature delivery" → No signature sender is specified → There is a assignee → "Signature sender" is the "recipient"
* Not "Direct signature sending" → No signature sender specified → No assignee → "Sign sending person" is the administrator
* Not "direct signature delivery" → designated signature sender → whether there is \no assignee → "signature sender" is the "designated signature sender"
* Not "direct signature delivery" → designated signature sender → whether there is \no assignee → "signature sender" is the "designated signature sender"

#### 11.2 Operations related to the "Signature" tab

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Application Management > Application Design > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > Process Design Tab > Manual Processing Components > Settings Tab > Enable Sign-off Function > Sign-off Tab
```

The main purpose of this tab is to determine which design for approval will be performed when the user submits a sign for manually processing a component, and to set the required input variables for it. The relevant settings are as follows:

1. **Add**: Users can add different "Approval Designs" through Add in the upper left corner of the "Approval" tab.
2. **Signoff Type**: "Signoff Type" can select the signoff design in "Signoff Management".
3. **Allow users to adjust by themselves**: If you check Allow users to adjust by themselves, the "assignee" can decide whether to "add stage approval" according to the needs before "sending the signature", and additionally add The stage name will be set by the system to "Add Signature".
4. **Conditions**: You can set conditions for each sign-off design. When submitting the sign, the "sign-off designs" that meet the conditions will be displayed for the "sign-sender" to choose.
5. **Sign-off Settings**: The "Sign-off Settings" block has two tabs, namely "Input, Stage". You can enter the "Input Variables" of the sign-off design on the "Input" tab. ” to assign values, and perform conditional design for each stage of the sign-off design on the “Phase” tab.
