---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# Initial Setting

## STEP 1 Login

After starting the system according to the previous chapter, you can use the browser to enter the system screen ([http://127.0.0.1:80](http://127.0.0.1:8000)), the open source version uses the preset account password to log in, the free version and the enterprise version, please use the registration function to register the first one Account, the system will log the first registered account as the system administrator.

## STEP2 Modify the default password

After the system has just been activated, it is recommended to modify the default administrator password first, click admin in the upper right corner, you can see the personal information/change password/logout window, click the change password button

You can enter the password change interface, and you can change it after entering the original password and the new password. The system will log you out after the change, please log in with the new password.

## STEP3 Set Log level

Go to _**System Settings>System Settings**_ and set the system log to ERROR level to avoid excessive log generation. When the system is abnormal and needs to be debugged, the LOG level can be set to DEBUG to print out the complete LOG, which is stored in the LOG folder of the OMFLOW directory.

The default LOG setting is 1 LOG file per day, stored for up to 10 days.

`Note: To change this setting，you can modify the LOGGING setting in omflow/settings.py`

The personal data usage agreement and software usage agreement under the system settings can be used for you to customize your own terms. These terms must be agreed when a new user registers to register an account.

## STEP4 Menu layout

_**System Settings>Main Menu Management**_ Allows the administrator to arrange the order of the left menu. Please use the drag-and-drop method to arrange. After the arrangement is completed, save it and it will take effect immediately.
