---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# User and Organization

## STEP1 Create users and accounts

There are three ways to create a user account:

1. Create in _**Personnel Management>User Management**_
2. Use LDAP synchronization creation (free and enterprise version)
3. Users register their own account on the login page

Enter _**Personnel Management>User Management**_, fill in the required fields when creating, and save to create. The notification update frequency can be set how often to update the data. Under normal circumstances, there is no need to adjust this value. Organizations and roles can add users to the functions of organizations and roles respectively.

## STEP2 Build organization

Go to _**Personnel Management>Organization Management**_, there is a built-in organization of _**information service group**_, click Create above to create your own organization.

When an organization is created, if the organization to which it belongs is left blank, it means that the created organization is the root organization. You can use this method to create a tree structure of your own organization.

`Note: If you are using the free or enterprise version,you can use LDAP to synchronize enterprise organizations and personnel to OMFLOW`

Then we add the user we just created to the organization. Check the user and click Save.

## STEP3 Permission role management

Go to _**Personnel Management>Role Management**_, there is a built-in role for _**task processing group**_, you can add it yourself. After you click to enter, there are two tabs of user and authority at the top.

First click on the user's tab, add the user we just created to this role, and click the saved button.

Then go to the permissions tab to set the permissions of this role.

At present, you can see that this role of the _**task processing group**_ has the permission to view and add to the _**task list**_, but does not have the permission to modify or delete. We will not make changes here.
