# Front page

## Front page

### Structure description

The OMFLOW web page is divided into four major sections: "Head of page, footer of page, main menu, and main screen"

#### Top of page

The top of the page mainly displays information related to the user itself. The following will be introduced from the right side:

1. **User Information**: It is divided into three functions: "Personal Information, Change Password, and Logout". Click **Personal Information** to view and fill in user-related information.
2. **Language selection**: It is divided into four languages: "Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Japanese, and English", which can be switched at any time. Some of the content input by the user cannot be switched in language. Application management and service requests can be displayed by the user after importing the translation package themselves.
3. **Announcements and Notifications**: Display system announcements or personal notifications.
4. **Agent**: When the user is set as a proxy, the user can switch identities to perform proxy duties, such as "my tasks, service requests, Apps billing" and other actions.

#### footer

The footer of the page mainly displays basic information about OMFLOW, such as **version number** and **copyright statement**.

#### Main menu

All major functions of this system are displayed on the main menu on the left. According to the viewing permissions of each logged-in user, the main menu will display corresponding items. The following will give a brief introduction to each item:

1. **Search**: Search all items in the main menu. When there are matching items, they will be displayed in expanded mode.
2. **My Tasks**: Summarizes all tasks related to the user to facilitate reception or advancement, and also displays historical tasks for easy query.
3. **Service Request**: Provides an interface for general users to make service requests.
4. **Service Management**: **Business Edition Function** provides accident management, problem management, and change management related processes.
5. **Data collection**: **Commercial version function**, deploy collectors for monitoring or distributed computing.
6. **Application Management**: Design various application processes.
7. **Reports**: **Commercial version functions**, design and export various reports.
8. **Customized application**: The application process and generated form data that have been put on the shelves will be stored here.
9. **Personnel Management**: Manage accounts, organizations, roles, organization charts, vacation records, agency records and other related information.
10. **System Settings**: Set basic settings, LDAP and other system-related functions.
11. **Built-in process**: **Business version function**, providing common application processes such as email sending.

#### Home screen

According to the selection in the main menu, the corresponding content is displayed.

### Dashboard

The dashboard can integrate and display the field values ​​of each application process, and the update frequency of each picture is one minute. The following will introduce how to design a dedicated dashboard.

#### Enter edit mode

Click the **Edit** button at the top of the main screen to enter editing mode. The buttons will appear on the right in order, as follows:

1. **Save**: Save this editing content and leave the editing mode.
2. **Cancel**: Cancel this editing content and return to the state before editing.
3. **Block**: Add a new block to divide the width of the dashboard. The total width is 1. For example: to display 4 graphics at the same height of the dashboard at the same time, you can add four 1/4 blocks. And add a new graphic to each block.

#### Add new block

To add any new block, there will be three buttons above it, in the following order:

1. **New**: Add various graphics to display text, measurement bars, water pipe diagrams, line charts, bar charts, pie charts, and tables. Other size areas can be added within 1 block. piece.
2. **Settings**: Set the block name and line color. If the name is not set, the title and line will be hidden.
3. **Delete**: Remove block

#### Add new graphics

To add any new graphic, there will be two buttons above it, in the following order:

1. **Settings**: Divided into "General Settings, Data Settings" tabs, the options will be further introduced below.
2. **Delete**: Delete the graphic

**General settings**, set the appearance style of the graphics.

1. **Title**: Enter text. The title will be hidden when it is blank.
2. **Description**: Enter a description to assist the drawing.
3. **Icon**: Select an icon to assist the graphics.
4. **Color**: Select a color.
5. **Unit**: Enter text, which will be displayed on the right side of the query value.
6. **Height (px)**: Enter a number to specify the height of the graphic.
7. **Value upper limit**: Enter the number and apply it to the metering strip and water pipe diagram.
8. **Data starting color**: For graphs that generate multiple query values, such as bar charts, the color of the bars will be changed based on the starting color. The changing order is "blue, cyan, green, yellow, red, purple, Gray, dark gray."

**Data settings**, query the data generated by the application process or collector process.

1. **Query form**: You can select users, organizations and roles, application processes, and collector processes.
2. **Query field**: Select the name of the data to be queried (single choice)
3. **Time range**: Specify the time range (update time) of the data when querying, such as: today, last week...
4. **Type**: Organize the data within the time range, such as: latest value, average value, maximum value, minimum value, etc...
5. **Classification**: Select the name of the data to be distinguished as the basis for grouping the data (group by)
