# My Mission

## My Mission

As a process engine system, OMFLOW can not only run automated processes but also send forms to users. The **My Tasks** item in the main menu will display the number of each indicator of the user's pending tasks.

### task list

After entering **My Tasks**, you can see the list of pending tasks, which are divided into two types: "General Tasks and Sign-off":

#### General tasks

When a form requires manual processing, the order will be regarded as a task and dispatched to the corresponding user or department. Click the task to update the form content and press the **Send** button after the processing is completed to complete\*\* Push order\*\* action.

> Notes:
>
> 1. The required field for the task is "Assigned Department". This task can only be seen when the assignee is **myself** or the assigned department is **the department to which he belongs**.
> 2. When a task is assigned to a department, only one of the users can handle it.
> 3. When processing a task, the system will default the user to have "edit permissions" and can view **process, process view** and other functions. For details, please see the \[Apps] chapter
> 4. For detailed establishment steps, please refer to the chapter \[Application Management > Process Design]

#### Sign off

When a form requires manual review, the order will enter the approval mode and be sent to the matching user. Click on the approval to view the form content and press the "Agree, Reject" button to complete the **review** action. .

> Notes:
>
> 1. The required field for approval is "Approval Record". In this field, the signer can see the review results from the time the order is issued, and can also leave comments before signing.
> 2. For detailed establishment steps, please refer to the chapter \[Signature Mechanism]

### Tasks in progress & single tasks closed

Tasks that have been billed, processed, and approved by the user will be displayed here. You can click the **Filter** button to query the tasks. After clicking, the **Process View** interface will pop up. The detailed information is as follows:

**Flowchart**: Shows the latest stop position of the current form.\
**Time record**: Displays the time point and level name when the form stays on each component.\
**Sub-flow chart**: If the level name has a \[magnifying glass] icon, click it to view the process view of the sub-flow.\
**Approval Record**: If the level name has a \[pencil] icon, click on it to view the latest approval progress.

> ※ If the task you want to query is not in "Ongoing Tasks", it means that the task has ended. Please go to "Close Tasks" to query.

### Form filling record

View all form records that you have processed, click on the list to display the content of the form sent at that time, and **print**.
