# Service Request

## Service Request

When the application process is completed, users may not be able to fill in the form themselves due to permission restrictions, or the form may have too many fields for ordinary users to fill in. To this end, the service request interface can provide a step-by-step and simplified form filling interface for the specified form process.

### How to design

Administrators or users with "Service Request Management" permissions can enter the edit mode after clicking the **Edit** button, and the following buttons will be generated:

1. **Save**: Save the current design content.
2. **Cancel**: Cancel the current design content and restore to the last saved design content.
3. **Create Service**: Create a service.
4. **Create Questionnaire**: Create a questionnaire.
5. **Create Folder**: Create a folder and move other services into the folder.
6. **Language**: Import or export the language translation package of the current design content.
7. **Import**: Import the design and overwrite the current design content.
8. **Export**: Export the last saved design content.

#### Create service

Click the **Create Service** button, and select the application process you want to design and press **Add**. At this time, the newly created service will appear on the main screen. Click \[icon] to enter the editing interface.

1. **General Settings**: You can set the display name, description, icon and other settings of the service. Among them, "Service Target" can limit which roles can use this service.
2. **Step Design**: You can add new fields and new steps. The new fields come from the selected application process. You can also click **Field Settings** on the newly added fields to make some adjustments. Fine-tuning, in which **Automatically fill in applicant information** will automatically fill in relevant information about the user when filling in the form.
3. **Default Value**: New fields can be added. The fields also come from the selected application process form fields. When the user sends a service request, the system will integrate the default values ​​for automatic billing.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. The value filled in the default value field is considered the final result, and linkage effects such as backfilling and calculation will be ignored.
> 2. All **required fields** must be added to the "Step Design" or "Default Value" tab to ensure that the service can be executed correctly.

#### Create questionnaire

Click the **Create Questionnaire** button. There is no difference between the creation operation process and "Create Service". However, the service object is not OMFLOW users, but is provided to non-logged in visitors. After filling in, it will be When placing an order, you should pay attention to the following points:

1. **Public URL**: Provides a guest link. You can see the "Public URL" field on the "General Settings" tab during creation.
2. **Aimed at non-OMFLOW users**: All questions will not appear on the general user service interface.
3. **Restrict the use of some fields**: Since any unlogged object is allowed to be used, for the purpose of information security protection, the designer is not allowed to add "subquery, assigned organization, organization" on the "Step Design" tab. , User, Upload File" and other fields. However, the "Default" tab is not subject to this restriction.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. The value filled in the default value field is considered the final result, and linkage effects such as backfilling and calculation will be ignored.
> 2. All **required fields** must be added to the "Step Design" or "Default Value" tab to ensure that the service can be executed correctly.

#### Create folder

Click the **Create Folder** button to create a "Folder" item on the left. Folders can also be dragged and swapped and have the following features:

1. **All**: All service requests are displayed here.
2. **Folder**: Services can be added or moved into each folder. Clicking on the folder will switch the display.

#### language translation

Click the **Language** button and select the language you want to use, then import or export the translation file. If you modify the design before exporting the translation, be sure to save the design first and then export the translation file.

After the exported translation file is opened, just enter the translated content in the line next to the content to be translated and then save it. Before importing the translation file, be sure to select the correct language and then import the corresponding translation file.

### Service failure

When the application process corresponding to the service has been removed from the shelves, the service will be unavailable and "removed" will be displayed. If the process is re-available, it will be resumed.
