# Report

## Report

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Reports
```

Users can create report rules for form processes with "view permission" here.

#### Remark

● Word & value: Some data in OMFLOW have two attributes. For example, the menu options are displayed to the user as **word**, and when the form is saved, the **value** is stored in the data table.

### Self-use reports

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Reports>Private Reports
```

The report is preset as a self-use report.

1. **Add & Edit**: Add or modify report rules. The fields are set as follows: (1)**Report Name**: Enter text, for identification only\
   (2)**Report Source & Process Name**: The two fields are related to each other and determine the data source of the report.\
   **App**: The "Process Name" field will correspondingly display the process with view permission in Apps (customized applications)\
   **Table**: The "Process Name" field will display omuser (user) and omgroup (department) accordingly.\
   (3)**Number of output pens**: In addition to the preset options, the number of output pens can also be input directly.\
   (4) **Tags**: Enter the classification text to facilitate filtering and searching.\
   (5) **Set as public**: Set the "self-use report" as public. For details, please refer to the chapter \[Reports > Public Reports]\
   (6) **Display fields**: Set the process fields to be queried. You can freely add, delete, and drag the order. Repeated selection of the same field will not be output.\
   (7) **Conditions**: Set query conditions. When the query field is "Menu, Department, User, Check", use "**Word**" as the query target. Please refer to \[Report> Remarks 】chapter
2. **Preview**: Displays a preview window of the report content, and you can click the **Print** button to call the browser print function, or click the **Export** button to download the CSV file.
3. **Export**: Download the CSV file.

### Public reports

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Reports>Public Reports
```

All reports set as public by **other users** will be displayed here, allowing users without "view permission" to produce reports.

> ※ If the user has "view permission" for the process of the report, they can copy and create a **self-use report** for editing.
