# Apps

## Apps

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process]
```

Apps stores the application process after it is put on the shelf, and form operations can be performed here:

> ※ Users must have "view permission" for this process to display it in Apps

### billing

Click the **Add** button at the top of the main screen and a form window will pop up to place an order. Fill in all the required fields (marked in **red\***) and press the **OK** button.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. Users must have the "Add Permission" of this process to issue orders in Apps
> 2. Under normal circumstances, users perform the **ordering** action in **\[Main Menu] > Service Request**, so there is no need to "add permissions"

### Push orders (send & quick operation)

When the form process enters the "manual" component, the user or API needs to modify the form fields and perform the **Push Order** action before the process will continue.

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form]
```

Users can find a list of forms for this process at the location above. Click on any form to view and modify the form content. Press the **Send** button on the upper right or lower right of the main screen, or the \[Quick Operation] button specially designed for this process to complete the order push.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. Users must have "editing rights" for this process to promote orders in Apps
> 2. Under normal circumstances, users perform the **Push Order** action in **\[Main Menu] > My Tasks**, so "Edit Permission" is not required

### Process

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form] > Process
```

Click the **History** button at the top of the main screen to view all past orders and push records for this order.

> Important points to note:
>
> 1. The history records all **historical additional files** of this order. Even files with the same name can be queried through the "Timetable" on the right.
> 2. To ensure the accuracy of the data, the form content is not displayed in the browser language but in the language used when opening and pushing orders\*\*.
> 3. Users can **print** to produce a PDF file for each transaction, and it will also be displayed in the **language** used when ordering.

### Process View

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form] > Process View
```

Click the **Process View** button at the top of the main screen to display the execution route of the process in the past. Click the view button in the right list to view the **input and output** records of each component. If the process goes through "Call Process, The "External Process, Sub-Process" component will display the **magnifying glass** icon. Click it to further view the detailed process.

### Association operations

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form] > Related Operations
```

Click the **Relation Operation** button at the top of the main screen to view the relationship between this form and other forms. You can also add or delete relationships with other forms here. The relationship types are as follows:\
● Data link: It is a general association and is used to link to other forms.\
● Create sub-orders: When this order selects other forms as sub-orders of this form, when the parent order is closed, the sub-orders will be closed together.\
● Become a child order: Select another form as the parent order of this form. When the parent form closes the order, the child order will be closed together.

### Attached files

```
Location: [Main Menu]>Apps>[Any Application]>[Any Process]>[Any Form]>Attach File
```

View all attached files for this order. Click on the file to download it directly. You can also choose to upload the file through this interface. There is no size limit for file upload.

> ※ If there is a file with the same name, only the latest uploaded file will be displayed. Older files can find the file uploaded at that time in the process.

### Work log

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form] > Work Log
```

Work logs can only be added and viewed. Once saved, they cannot be deleted and are kept as records.

> ※Form design, the "work log" field can also be designed in the form.

### Service level (free and enterprise version features)

```
Location: [Main Menu] > Apps > [Any Application] > [Any Process] > [Any Form] > Service Level
```

Check the service level signal status currently followed by this form. For relevant detailed settings, please refer to the \[Application Management > Service Level] chapter.
