# Built-in process

## Built-in process

The built-in process is the process used by the OMFLOW system for specific functions. It is also open to users to adjust according to the customer environment. The process is introduced as follows:

### Send process

The internal process call from **Main Menu>Service Management** is mainly responsible for sending emails. Among them, the "Recipient, Copy, Bcc" fields can be directly filled in the recipient's mailbox location. Multiple recipients are separated by \*\*; \*\*. You can also directly select the "Department, Assignee" field. If you only select a department, all users in that department will be recipients. The following parameters in \[Parameter Management] must be set before use:

\| Parameter name | Parameter description | | --------------------------- | --------------------------- ------------------ | | smtp\_server | SMTP server name, example: smtp.gmail.com | | smtp\_port | Sending server port, example: 587 | | smtp\_user | SMTP user account | | smtp\_user\_password | SMTP user password | | smtp\_mail\_from | Source mailbox, example: OMFLOW@omflow.com |

### Approval Process

Through the internal process call of **Main Menu>Service Management**, users can design an external approval process when designing the process to facilitate the management of all approval-related forms.

### Receipt process

There is no built-in function to call directly, capture the subject keywords of the mailbox, and open an incident ticket. You can use the scheduling system to update the mailbox regularly. The following parameters in \[Parameter Management] must be set before use:

\| Parameter name | Parameter description | | --------------------------- | --------------------------- ------------------ | | imap\_server | IMAP Server name | | imap\_user | IMAP user account | | imap\_password | IMAP user password | | imap\_receive\_keyword | Grab the subject keywords and open an incident ticket, example: too high, load |

### Organization chart review process

Called through the **Main Menu>Organization Chart** function, when the organization chart custodian has completed the design, it will be integrated with the original organization chart after review.

### Leave application process

There is no built-in function to call directly. It is a default leave application process example to help leave applicants automatically set the agent review process within a specific period.

> ※ Users can set this process as a service request by themselves, or they can refer to this process or API to create the required process.

### User query

There is no built-in function to call directly. To assist in process design, you can use "external process" to call this process.\
● Data input: Use keywords in the corresponding fields to search for relevant information that matches the user.\
● Data output: Only the first matching data will be returned, and the following information will be returned.

### Organization and role query

There is no built-in function to call directly. To assist in process design, you can use "external process" to call this process.\
● Data input: Use keywords in the corresponding fields to search for relevant information that matches the organization or role.\
● Data output: Only the first matching data will be returned, and the following information will be returned.
