---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# Windows

OMFLOW provides an installation package on the Windows platform, execute it directly and follow the steps below to install it.

## Installation environment requirements

{% hint style="info" %}
OS system requirements

Windows2012R2 and above
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
The Visual C++ (x86) package must be pre-installed. The version must be 2015 or higher. The download URL is as follows:

[https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads](https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)
{% endhint %}

### First step,execute the installation file

OMFLOW's Windows installation package contains Apache, Python and its required packages, so you can install it directly through the installation package without pre-preparing the environment.

### Second step, finish the wizard

#### Install OMFLOW Server

OMFLOW Server (Data Center) is the central server of OMFLOW software. It is responsible for data storage, execution and calculation of processes and schedules. It is also an interface for users to connect and use. We recommend installing it on a host with better performance.

#### 1. Set Application Information

When the server where the data center is located has multiple IPs, one of the IPs can be filled in as the only correct address. If the default 0.0.0.0 is used, the client can access it as long as it uses any set of IP in the data center.

#### 2. Database Selection (1)

The OMFLOW installation file contains the built-in database DBMaker. Selecting this option will automatically install the database.

#### 3. Database Selection (2)

If you need to match the database in operation, please select the Others option and ensure that the OMFLOW environment can connect to the database. The supported DB types are as follows: PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, DBMaker.

{% hint style="warning" %}
To use other databases, you need to provide an account with the permission of "creating data tables, reading and writing this database".
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
You can also choose not to select a database, and the installer will use SQLite for installation.
{% endhint %}

#### 4. Set Booster Information

This is the OMFLOW extension function detailed [here](broken-reference), you can fill in the primary Booster and secondary Booster related connection information, if you have not used it, you can directly go to the next step.



#### &#x20;5. Start Installation

After the installation is complete, you can choose to jump to the login page.



#### Install OMFLOW Collector

The Collector provides the distributed computing capability of the process engine and provides the function of data collection. You can install it on any small device or server that needs to be monitored.

#### 1. Set Application Information

When the server where the data center is located has multiple IPs, one of the IPs can be filled in as the only correct address. If the default 0.0.0.0 is used, the client can access it as long as it uses any set of IP in the data center.

#### 2. Set Data Center Information

Fill in the IP and Port information of OMFLOW Server, and only need to set up one if Booster is not used.
