# Version Update

### Update Rules

\
OMFLOW version update steps are divided into two types: Windows and Linux. The version number consists of four digits, such as 1.2.0.0, with the following rules:

> Numbering rules
>
> * The first and second digits grow when a **major update** is released.
> * The third digit grows when a **feature version** is released.
> * The fourth digit grows when a **bugfix version** is released.
> * During an upgrade, if the current version's first three digits are the same as the updated version, a direct update is allowed, such as allowing 1.1.6.1 > 1.1.6.3.
> * If they are different, updating is only allowed to the next feature version, such as allowing 1.1.6.1 > 1.2.0.0, but not allowing 1.1.6.1 > 1.2.0.1.

### Windows

#### General Version Update Steps

1. **Backup OMFLOW**

Please backup OMFLOW first. Refer to the "Backup and Restore" section for backup instructions.

2. **Run Update File**

OMFLOW's Windows update file can be executed directly. Right-click on the update file and choose "Run as administrator."

3. **Select Language**

Choose the displayed language and click "OK."

4. **Agree to Terms**

Check the terms of use and click "I agree," then click "Next."

5. **Start Update**

The executable file will check if your device can use the current update. After the check, click "Update."

> If a version mismatch occurs, check the OMFLOW version and whether it can use the update file version. OMFLOW versions 1.1.4.0 and later can directly upgrade to the latest version using the update file. If the OMFLOW version on the device is less than 1.1.4.0, sequentially update to 1.1.4.0 before using the latest update file.

6. **Service Restart**

After the update, OMFLOW service will automatically restart. Once the service restarts, click "Finish" to complete the update.

> For versions before 1.1.4.0, confirm that the OMFLOW service has restarted before proceeding with further updates.

Now you can continue using OMFLOW!

#### Notes for Version 1.2.0.0

Starting from version 1.2.0.0, OMFLOW upgrades the Python version to 3.11. If users have installed additional Python packages in previous versions, the update process will require manual installation of Python. The following are the related steps:

1. Download Python 3.11 (32 Bit) Windows Installer and run it.
2. Choose "Customize installation" for a custom installation path.
3. Select the installation path as `C:\PROGRA~1\OMFLOW Server\Python311`.
4. After installation, click "Next" in the update window to perform a check.
5. The update window will check whether the original Python and Python311 package lists match and list any missing packages.
6. If there are missing packages, open a CMD window with **administrator privileges** and navigate to the Python311 folder.
7. Use the command `python.exe -m pip install` for installation.
8. Click "Next" after installation to perform checks iteratively until there are no missing packages.
9. Close all CMD windows related to original Python and Python311.

### Linux

#### General Update Steps

1. **Backup OMFLOW**

Please backup OMFLOW first. Refer to the "Backup and Restore" section for backup instructions.

2. **Extract Update File**

Extract the patch file

```bash
        tar -zxvf [path to patch file]
```

3. **Run Update File**

Move to the path of patch.sh and execute patch.sh

```bash
        cd [path to patch file]
        sudo ./patch.sh
```

4. **Restart Service**

Check if the OMFLOW service is running normally

```bash
        /opt/omflow/server/omflow_server status
```

If the service is not started, start the service

```bash
        /opt/omflow/server/omflow_server start
```

Now you can continue using OMFLOW!

#### Linux Update Version 1.2.0.0 Steps

OMFLOW has further increased environmental requirements in version 1.2.0.0. Linux users need to update manually, and the following are the related steps:

> Python version: 3.8 → 3.11 Django version: 2.2 → 4.2

1. **Stop OMFLOW**

```bash
        omflow_server stop
```

2. **Delete the python folder under /opt/omflow**

```bash
        rm -rf /opt/omflow/python/
```

3. **Install Ubuntu Packages**

> Package list
>
> * python 3.11
> * python3.11-dev
> * python3.11-venv
> * python3-pip

Installation method 1: Online installation version (requires internet connection)

```bash
        # Update package repository
        apt-get update -y
        # Add package repository
        add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa -y
        # Update package repository
        apt-get update -y

        # Install python3.11 and related packages
        apt-get install -y python3.11 python3.11-dev python3.11-venv python3-pip
```

Installation method 2: Offline installation version, see supplement for details

> Download Ubuntu package offline installation package Offline installation of Ubuntu packages

4. **Set Python 3.11 as an Environment Variable (to call python3.11 using the command python3)**

```bash
        update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/python3 python3 /usr/bin/python3.11 1
```

5. **Create a virtual environment for Python 3.11 under /opt/omflow**

```bash
        python3 -m venv /opt/omflow/python
```

6. **Enter the virtual environment and install python packages**

> Python package list
>
> * wheel
> * django==4.2
> * ldap3
> * mod\_wsgi
> * openpyxl
> * Other python packages used by DB
> * Other required packages...

Online installation version (requires internet connection)

```bash
        # Enter the virtual environment
        source /opt/omflow/python/bin/activate

        # Install wheel
        pip install wheel

        # Optionally, skip
        python /usr/lib/python3.11/test/libregrtest/setup.py bdist_wheel

        # Install necessary packages, evaluate other packages for installation
        pip install django==4.2 ldap3 mod_wsgi openpyxl
```

For offline installation version, see supplement

> Download python package offline installation package (.whl) Offline installation of python packages

7. **Modify the path of the wsgi\_module in apache http.conf to the new path**

```bash
        # Modify django.conf
        vim /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/django.conf

        # Modify the path of wsgi_module
```

8. **Update and Start OMFLOW 1.2.0.0**

```bash
        # Enter tmp
        cd /tmp/

        # Extract the patch file
        tar zxvf /tmp/omflow_patch_1_1_6_4_upgrade3.tar.gz

        # Enter the patch folder
        cd omflow_patch_1_1_6_4_upgrade4/

        # Run the patch
        ./patch.sh
```

#### Supplement:

**Download Ubuntu Package Offline Installation Package**

Find an environment similar to the OMFLOW server with Ubuntu and internet connection.

> Required packages:
>
> * python3.11
> * python3.11-dev
> * python3.11-venv
> * python3-pip

Download command:

```bash
        # Switch to root user
        sudo su
        
        # Add the **deadsnakes** PPA
        add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
        
        # Update the package list: 
        apt-get update
        
        # (If necessary) Clean the default download folder
        apt-get clean
        
        # Download but do not install the packages
        apt-get install --download-only python3.11 python3.11-dev python3.11-venv python3-pip
```

The downloaded installation packages will be saved in the **`/var/cache/apt/archives/`** directory. Use an FTP software to extract and place them in the OMFLOW server environment.

**Offline Installation of Ubuntu Packages**

> Required packages:
>
> * python3.11
> * python3.11-dev
> * python3.11-venv
> * python3-pip

Copy the **`.deb`** files to a directory on Ubuntu, for example, using **`/tmp/Downloads`**

Ubuntu commands:

```bash
        # Switch to root user
        sudo su
        
        # Move to the path where the installation packages are located
        cd /tmp/Downloads
        
        # Use dpkg to install downloaded packages
        dpkg -i *.deb
```

**Export Installed Python Package List from Existing Environment**

Skip this step if you already have the original OMFLOW package list.

Reference: [https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip\_freeze/](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip\_freeze/)

Export command:

```bash
        # Switch to OMFLOW's virtual environment
        source /opt/omflow/python/bin/activate
        
        # Export python package list to /tmp
        pip freeze > /tmp/requirements.txt
        
        # Change the version of django to 4.2 or above
        vim /tmp/requirements.txt
```

Use FTP software to extract and place in an Ubuntu environment with internet access as a reference for downloading packages.

**Download Python Package Offline Installation Package (.whl)**

Prepare an environment with Python 3.11 installed, which must be able to connect to the internet.

Download command:

```bash
        # Create a folder to store offline installation packages
        mkdir /tmp/python_package
        cd /tmp/python_package
        
        # [Method 1] Batch download using requirements.txt
        # Assuming you have placed the requirements.txt from the previous step in /tmp/
        pip -m install /tmp/requirements.txt
        
        # [Method 2] Manually enter package name for download
        pip -m install <package name>
        
        # After downloading, check how many .whl installation files are in the folder
        ll
```

Use FTP software to extract and place back on the OMFLOW server.

> Note: mod\_wsgi will be in tar.gz format, installation is more specific, see offline installation of mod\_wsgi.

**Offline Installation of Python Packages**

Assuming Python package offline installation packages (.whl) are placed in this path **`/opt/omflow/tmp`**

Installation command:

```bash
        # Switch to OMFLOW's virtual environment
        source /opt/omflow/python/bin/activate
        
        # Switch to the directory containing offline installation packages
        cd /opt/omflow/tmp
        
        # Install all .whl files
        pip install *.whl
```

**Offline Installation of mod\_wsgi**

Installation command:

```bash
        # Switch to OMFLOW's virtual environment
        source /opt/omflow/python/bin/activate
        
        # Extract mod_wsgi tar.gz
        tar zxvf <mod_wsgi file path>
        
        cd <path after extracting mod_wsgi>
        
        # Simple installation of mod_wsgi
        python setup.py install
```

#### Note:

After changing Python & Django, update OMFLOW to version 1.2.0.0 for successful startup; previous versions cannot be used with Django 4.2.

#### Error Handling

If OMFLOW fails to start the service after the update, follow the "Backup and Restore" section to restore OMFLOW and then rerun the update steps.
