# Technical Support

## Software support and services

After you obtain the maintenance authorization (Maintenance Agreement) for SYSCOM Computer's OMFLOW product, you can use the after-sales technical support services provided by SYSCOM Computer Co., Ltd.

### Software support service recipients

Customers who newly purchase OMFLOW products within the warranty period, and customers who purchase extended warranty services for OMFLOW products. SYSCOM Computer provides software support and services during the product warranty period.

### Software support service scope

Technical support only provides services for problems with the OMFLOW product itself. For problems with non-OMFLOW products such as operating systems, databases, network environments, hardware devices, etc., please contact the relevant manufacturers.

For example, OMFLOW products cannot be used normally due to computer damage, operating system copyright issues, or computer poisoning. Please restore the operating system to a standard environment by yourself before installing and using our company's OMFLOW products. Or our products cannot operate properly due to hardware firewalls or network equipment. Please contact the hardware equipment or network manufacturer for assistance in setting up. Our company only provides technical support for the OMFLOW product setting part.

Technical support only includes consultation, assistance, and provision of software and software correction programs for the OMFLOW product itself, and does not include professional service manpower services such as actual installation, updates, process creation, and customized development of the client environment. If you need professional service manpower in your region, technical support service personnel will recommend OMFLOW professional service partners in your region to provide services. The OMFLOW product is a set of process development and design tools, so technical support does not include maintenance and warranty for forms, processes or customized programs designed and produced by professional service providers or yourself.

### Definition of software bug

"Bug" refers to software defects, including the following three categories:

> List:
>
> * The software cannot operate normally and cannot correctly perform the functions described in the manual and documentation.
> * There are errors or inconsistencies in the data generated or processed by the software.
> * The software crashes, becomes unstable, or interrupts unexpectedly.

### Software support service content

1. During the product warranty period, support services will be provided within 24 hours on business days and time zone of the Republic of China, with a 5\*8 schedule (9:00 AM to 5:00 PM) for response.
2. During the product warranty period, provide product function consultation service email (omflow@syscom.com.tw)
3. During the product warranty period, online support website services are provided.

When using the service, please provide the bug details (occurrence situation, reproduction steps and impact scope), relevant screenshots, log files and other relevant information to the service pipeline.

> The above services provide the following services:
>
> * log interpretation and analysis, bug analysis and handling, and information security issue handling
> * When the analysis is a software defect, it will be put into the patch program for repair.
> * Notify when new versions and updates are released
> * Product update program download
> * Product new version download
> * Product related file download

### Extended software support services

If your OMFLOW product warranty is about to expire, you can purchase the OMFLOW product extended warranty service again before the OMFLOW product warranty expires, and you can continue to enjoy software support and services.

If you need to purchase extended warranty service for OMFLOW products after the product warranty expires, you must make up for the product warranty during the interruption period before you can purchase extended warranty service for OMFLOW products.

### Use of product support website

SYSCOM Computer uses the product support website to provide online services. After you obtain the relevant login serial number, you can enjoy software support services by logging in on the website.

1. **Registration and use**

The product support website URL is https://support.syscom.com.tw After connecting to the product support website, you can freely switch to the language you need on the login page. Registration is required for first-time use. Depending on the language, you can click the \[Register Account] button to register.

Please fill in your name, phone number and email to register. The system will send a confirmation letter to your email address for verification. Please follow the instructions in the letter.

> _Note: Verification emails are sent from the Republic of China, and some countries or regions may block such emails. Please contact our company's business window for assistance._

2. **Log in product license code**

After successful verification, you can log in to the website and log in the authorization code. After successfully logging in with the authorization code, you can download the software and its authorization.

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Personal File / Product Licenses\
> (2) Please click ++Add License button\
> (3) Fill in order License Serial Number，Authorized Registration Number]\
> (4) Please click Search button\
> (5) Confirm whether the product and information are correct，click Submit\
> (6) After logging in with the authorization code, you can view and download the authorization for the purchased product.

3. **Log in to product maintenance authorization (Maintenance Agreement)**

After the authorization code is logged in, you can continue to log in to the product maintenance authorization. After successfully logging in to the product maintenance authorization, you can download software updates and use online support services.

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Personal File / Maintenance Contract\
> (2) Please click +Add Contract button\
> (3) Fill in order License Serial Number，Contract Registration Number\
> (4) Please click Search button\
> (5) Confirm whether the product and information are correct, click the Submit button below\
> (6) After completing the product maintenance authorization login, you can view the purchased product maintenance authorization.

4. **Download the software license file or serial number**

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Personal File / Product Licenses\
> (2) There is a download icon available for download in the column corresponding to the product in the list.

5. **Download authorized products**

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Download / Product Download\
> (2) Please select the software you want to download

6. **Download software updates**

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Download / Update Download\
> (2) Please select the update you want to download

7. **Online support service**

> Steps:\
> (1) Please enter the left menu Case Handling / Online Billing\
> (2) After filling in the necessary information in order, click Submit button\
> (3) The progress of the case can be found at Case Handling / Case Management
