# User and Organization

## User and Organization

If the project involves any of the three elements \[assignment, sign-off, and application], it is necessary to establish personnel-related information so that automatic assignment can be set in process design and sign-off management. The following will introduce how to create personnel information:

### Create users and accounts

User is the most basic data and can be created through three ways:

> ※ It is necessary information for users in general projects.

* Method 1: General users register their own accounts on the login page
* Method 2: Create user information in _**Main Menu>\[Personnel Management]>\[User Management]**_
* Method 3: In _**Main Menu>\[System Settings]>\[LDAP Settings]**_ fill in the field information and click the \[Connection Check] button. After the connection is successful, click \[Save and Sync] ], the system will automatically create relevant personnel information

### Establish job rights and responsibilities

The job rights and responsibilities here are default data. Once created, they can be used as a job list for the builder to bring in when creating a department or organization chart. The creation method is as follows:

> ※ This is necessary data when the project needs to be **dynamically assigned** based on **department positions** and needs to be created together with the department or organization chart.

1. Create information in _**Main Menu>\[Personnel Management]>\[Position Management]**_, such as the names of chairman, general manager, supervisor, etc.
2. When creating, \[Position Code] is a unique value field, which is used as a query basis for automatic assignment and approval.
3. The \[Default Rights and Responsibilities] are the default data when created. When the position is added to the department, these rights and responsibilities will be attached to facilitate the construction personnel's work.

### Create department

After the user information is created, corresponding department rights and responsibilities information can also be established according to the enterprise organization to facilitate automatic assignment or sign-off during the process:

Department creation steps

> ※ Departments are necessary information for general projects and are mostly used for task assignment, authority division, etc.

1. Method 1: Create department information in _**Main Menu>\[Personnel Management]>\[Department Management]**_. If the \[Department to which the department belongs] field is blank, it means that the created department is the root department.
2. Method 2: In _**Main Menu>\[System Settings]>\[LDAP Settings]**_ fill in the field information and click the \[Connection Check] button. After the connection is successful, click \[Save and Synchronize], the system will automatically create relevant personnel information
3. After the creation is completed, select the users to add to the department and click "Save".

Set additional positions for this department

> ※ This is necessary information when the project must be **dynamically assigned** based on department duties, and the **operation mechanism is consistent with the department structure**.

1. Create data in _**Main Menu>\[Personnel Management]>\[Department Management]>Created Department>\[Position Rights and Responsibilities]**_.
2. You can select specified positions from the job list to join this department, assign users and click "Save".

### Create roles and permissions

A role is a group of people and permissions. It is used as the basis for OMFLOW to determine whether the user has permissions. The creation method is as follows:

> ※ This is necessary data when the project needs to establish different permissions for different departments and users.

1. Enter _**Main Menu>\[Personnel Management]>\[Role Management]**_ to create role information.
2. Switch to the \[Users] tab, add the user to this role, and click \[Save].
3. Switch to the \[Department] tab, add the department to this role, and click \[Save].
4. Switch to the \[Permissions] tab, check the permission list, and click \[Save].

### Create organization chart

If the approval context of the project is inconsistent with the department structure, you can add multiple organizational charts according to your needs. Please refer to the chapter \[**Approval Mechanism>Organization Chart Operation Instructions**].

> ※ This is necessary data when the project needs to be **dynamically assigned** based on job duties, but the **operation mechanism is inconsistent with the department structure**.
