# Install on Windows

## Install on Windows

### Installation environment requirements

> OS system requirements
>
> Windows2012R2 or above
>
> The Visual C++ (x86) package needs to be installed in advance. The version must be 2015 or above. The download URL is as follows:
>
> \[https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads]\(https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/2977003 /the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)

### installation steps

#### The first step is to execute the installation file

OMFLOW's Windows installation package includes Apache, Python and the required packages, so you can install it directly through the installation package without preparing the environment in advance.

> Please install the executable file as a system administrator.
>
> (Right-click on the installation package > Execute as system administrator)

#### The second step is to complete the menu steps

#### Install OMFLOW Server (data center)

OMFLOW Server (data center) is the central server of OMFLOW software. It is responsible for the storage of data, the execution and calculation of processes and schedules, and is also the interface for users to connect and use. We recommend installing it on a host with better performance.

**Set application information**

When the server where the data center is located has multiple sets of IPs, you can fill in one of the IPs as the only correct address. If the default 0.0.0.0 is used, the client can access it as long as it uses any group of IPs in the data center.

**Database selection (1)**

The OMFLOW installation file contains the built-in database DBMaker. Selecting this item will automatically install the database.

**Database selection (2)**

If you need to match a running database, please select the Others option and ensure that the OMFLOW environment can connect to the database. The supported DB types are as follows: PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, and DBMaker.

> To use other databases, you need to provide an account with the permission to "create data tables, read and write this database".
>
> You can also not select a database, and the installation program will install SQLite.

**Set Booster information**

This is an extended function of OMFLOW. For details, please refer to the \[**Installing Booster**] chapter. You can fill in the relevant connection information of the primary Booster and secondary Booster. If it is not used, you can go to the next step.

**Install**

After the installation is completed, you can jump to the login page.

#### Install OMFLOW Collector (collector)

The Collector provides the distributed computing capabilities of the process engine and provides data collection functions. You can install it on any small device or server that needs to be monitored.

**Set application information**

When the server where the collector is located has multiple IP groups, you can fill in one of the IP groups as the only correct address. If the default 0.0.0.0 is used, the client can access it as long as it uses any set of IPs of the collector.

**Set data center information**

Fill in the IP and Port information of the OMFLOW Server. If Booster is not used, only one needs to be configured.
