# Update Apache Server to 2.4.XX

## Update Apache Server to 2.4.XX

### Windows

1. Close the OMFLOW Server service.
2. Back up `C:\Program Files\OMFLOW Server\Apache24\conf\httpd.conf`
3. Back up `C:\Program Files\OMFLOW Server\Apache24\conf\extra\httpd-ssl.conf` (OMFLOW enables SSL Certificate is required).
4. Back up relevant certificates and files (necessary if OMFLOW’s SSL certificate is stored in the Apache24 folder).

> /bin/OMFLOWServer.exe\
> /bin/OMFLOWCollector.exe

5. Back up files added to each project due to special needs.
6. Delete the `C:\Program Files\OMFLOW Server\Apache24` folder.
7. Download the latest version of Apache and extract it to `C:\Program Files\OMFLOW Server\`
8. Modify the name of the decompressed folder to Apache24.
9. Return the files backed up in steps 2\~5 to their original paths.
10. Restart the OMFLOW Server service.

The installation file of the Windows version has built-in Apache Server. The following is a comparison table. Users can refer to whether Apache Server needs to be updated.

| OMFLOW installer version | Built-in Apache Server version |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| 1.1.0.0                  | 2.4.43                         |
| 1.1.4.0                  | 2.4.51                         |
| 1.1.6.0                  | 2.4.54                         |

. Use the following command to shut down the OMFLOW Server service. `/opt/omflow/server/omflow_server stop` 2. Install the new version of Apache through the following command. `apt install -y software-properties-common add-apt-repository ppa:ondrej/apache2 apt install -y apache2` 3. Start the OMFLOW Server service through the following command. `/opt/omflow/server/omflow_server start`
