---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# Default Flow

## Sending flow

You must set [SMTP parameter](6.md#can-shu-guan-li) before using the sending flow.After setting, you can use the flow to send mail. Recipients, copies, and confidential documents are directly filled in the recipient’s mailbox location, and multiple recipients are separated by; as a separation, you can also directly select the organization, and the assignee can use the mailbox location filled in by the user in the system to select the organization, The assignee will write the assignee into the recipient and send a letter together. If only the organization is selected, all users in the organization are the recipients. Practical examples can refer to the incident management flow of service management.

## Approval flow

Users can design an external approval flow when designing the flow to facilitate management of all approval-related forms.

## Receiving Flow

Crawl the subject keywords of the mailbox and issue an incident ticket. You can use the scheduling system to update the mailbox regularly

| Parameters             | Instruction                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| imap\_server           | IMAP Server name                                                                     |
| imap\_user             | IMAP user account                                                                    |
| imap\_password         | IMAP user password                                                                   |
| imap\_receive\_keyword | <p>Crawl the subject keywords and open an incident ticket</p><p>ex: high, waring</p> |

## Organization Chart Approve Flow

The relevant procedures will be added in the future...

## Leave Flow

The preset leave process assists the leave applicant to automatically set the agent review process within a specific period.

{% hint style="info" %}
Users can set this process as a service request, or refer to this process or API to create the required process by themselves.
{% endhint %}

## User query

When assisting in process design, you can use "Call Flow" to call this process.

Data input: Use keywords to query relevant information that matches the user in the corresponding field.

Data output: Only the first matching data will be returned, and the following information will be returned.

## Organization and role query

When assisting in process design, you can use "Call Flow" to call this process.

Data input: Use keywords in the corresponding field to query related information that matches the organization or role.
