---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# Staff Management

## User management

_**Staff**_ _**Management>User Management**_, where you can manage all users in the system. There are three types of users: administrator, user and LDAP. By default, only one user will be managed by the system User category, the administrator has all the permissions in the system without any restrictions, the user, that is, LDAP is subject to all the permissions, and the user can be added to the **role** to have the permissions.

### Add user

Click the Add button on the _**user management**_ page, enter the tab of the user data setting and fill in the required fields, click the save button and pop out the completion window to complete the creation, and close it to return to the _**user management**_ page. _Account_, _password_, _name_, and _email_ address are required fields. When adding a user here, the _password_ field will not be restricted by rules.

### Edit user

On the _**user management**_ page, directly click on the user field to be edited and enter the tab of user data settings to modify all user data, and the _**user account cannot be modified**_.

Users cannot modify their own passwords here. To modify their own passwords, please refer to [Change password](1.md#ge-ren-zi-xun) ,Users with the right to _modify users_ can modify the passwords of other users here.

The employee representative can choose a user as a fixed employee representative, and the employee representative can use all form related operations on his behalf. The employee representative can also be selected separately when using the leave system. For details, please refer to the agency mechanism.

If the user belongs to multiple organizations, one can be selected as the default organization, and the default organization will be the priority organization in the flow. If it is not set, the system will select the first organization as the default organization.

The notification update frequency is that the interval between all user notifications and the automatic update of the data list ranges from 5 to 60 seconds.

### Enable/Disable users

On the _**user management**_ page, you can select multiple users and click the enable and disable buttons above to enable/disable multiple users in batches. You can also click the enable/disable buttons under the status column in the list to quickly change usage status.

### Delete user

On the _**user management**_ page, you can select multiple users and click the delete button above to delete multiple users in batches.

## Leave Records

View all your own leave records, and you can check to determine which leave records are displayed.

## Substitute Records

View all the records of other users that you have acted for, and you can check which substitute records to display.

## Role management

_**Personnel Management>Role Management.**_ All permissions in the system are related to the role. After creating the role and granting the appropriate permissions, everyone in the role has the permissions set by the role. Contains the viewing, adding, deleting, and modifying permissions of users, organizations, roles, and various applications.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Have the permission to add, delete, or modify, and you must also grant viewing permission to operate.**
{% endhint %}

### Add role

Press the **Create** button, enter the role name and description, press the **OK** button, and the creation is complete.

### Edit role

Click on the role field you want to edit in the list to enter the page to edit the role. The save buttons on all tabs are independent, and you must save after modification.

### Delete role

Select the role on the _**role management**_ page and click the delete button above to delete the role.

## Organization Management

_**Personnel Management>Organization Management**_, the organization is mainly used when filling in the assigned organization and assignee in the form in the application design

### Add organization

Press the **Create** button, select the organization to which you belong to, enter the organization name and description, and press the **OK** button to complete the creation. If the organization to which you belong is not selected, it is the root organization.

### Edit organization

Click the name of the organization you want to edit in the list to enter the page to edit the organization. The save buttons on all tabs are independent, and you must save it after modification.

### Delete organization

Select the organization on the _**organization management**_ page and click the delete button above to delete the organization.

## AD View (Free and Enterprise Version)

_**Personnel Management>AD View**_. This is mainly for you to view the organizations and users imported by LDAP. For detailed settings and creation methods, please refer to [LDAP settings](9.md#ldap-she-ding) .

## Job management (free and enterprise version) <a href="#ldap-jian-shi-mian-fei-ji-qi-ye-ban" id="ldap-jian-shi-mian-fei-ji-qi-ye-ban"></a>

_**Personnel Management>Job Management**_, where you can add, delete, and modify positions for setting positions in the _**organization chart**_ management.

Multiple preset rights and responsibilities can be established under the position, and the rights and responsibilities will be automatically brought into the organization chart management and use.

## Organization chart management (free and enterprise version) <a href="#ldap-jian-shi-mian-fei-ji-qi-ye-ban" id="ldap-jian-shi-mian-fei-ji-qi-ye-ban"></a>

_**Personnel Management>Organization Chart Management**_. Add items of organization, position, and personnel according to your needs and connect them to an organization chart. Multiple departments and positions can be connected under the organization, and only personnel can be connected under the department. Click the gear above the item to set the key for this item.

**Setting** button can be used to set the hosting organization to be reviewed by which organization or which user.

To edit an organization, you need to select an organization first, and then decide whether to host or not. The managed organization cannot link any organization, position, or personnel in the **corporate organization**. The managed user can select **Staff Management>Organization Chart Management>\[Hosted by the main menu on the left Organization]** Edit the organization chart of the organization. After the edited organization is saved, it can be submitted for approval. After approval, the organization will be merged back into the corporate organization under the hosting organization.

### Organization Setting

Select the organization in the organization management. After the organization is managed, the position can only be moved on the enterprise organization. The organization and its underlying organizations, positions, and personnel cannot be set until the trust is cancelled. The icon of the hosted organization is darker.

### Position

Choosing a position in position management will bring in the default powers and responsibilities of job management, and powers and responsibilities can be added or deleted.

### User

Choosing a user.

### Organization chart drawing

The organization chart drawing will output the current organization chart as a picture, and the drawing type can be selected.

Simple drawing: Do not display all the organizations, positions and personnel under the managed organization.\
Complete drawing: Show all organizations and their positions and personnel.\
Show general organization members: Show all members of the organization under the organization management.

### Export/Import

The organization chart can be exported and backed up for re-importing when needed. When the hosted organization is imported, it will check whether the uppermost organization is the same before importing.
