---
description: this is translated by machine
---

# OMFLOW Patch Record

## 1.1.6.3 Fix2 Ver (2023-10-X)

* 更新檔案－修正Linux更新檔無法正常更新之問題&#x20;
* 公　　告－修正內建流程「公告流程」上傳檔案後，實際公告未顯示下載連結之問題&#x20;
* 報　　表－修正「靜態表單」可選擇顯示「關卡名稱」之問題&#x20;
* 日文版本－修正部分翻譯&#x20;
* 我的任務－修正「進行中任務」看不到簽核紀錄之問題&#x20;
* 我的任務－查無簽核人時，送簽人現在可於「進行中任務」重新查找簽核人&#x20;
* 服務請求－修正「輸入、標題」欄位「REGEX」不符仍可送出之問題
* 服務請求－修正欄位註解說明無法顯示「單引號、雙引號」之問題
* 簽核機制－修正當送簽人與簽核人同一人時，通知數+2但實際僅看到一個通知之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正重新指派簽核人的通知異常之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正簽核欄位部分名稱顯示錯誤之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正簽核人點擊「填單紀錄」產生錯誤之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正於「簽核設計」使用「組織圖查詢 > 同系權責/同系職責」時，使用者編號選項消失之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正簽核進入下一階段時，上一階段之加簽未自動關閉之問題&#x20;
* 簽核機制－表單「簽核」欄位新增「重新指派」按鈕&#x20;
* 簽核機制－修正表單在人工處理階段無法使用「意見徵詢」功能之問題&#x20;
* 一般表單－修正「檔案」欄位的全部下載功能，副檔名錯誤之問題&#x20;
* 流程設計－修正於人工元件如果追加「子表格」欄位時，當流程行進至該元件會導致「快速操作」產生錯誤之問題&#x20;
* 流程設計－修正「同系職務」元件查詢錯誤之問題&#x20;
* 人員管理－修正「職務管理」未出現「匯出、匯入」按鈕之問題&#x20;
* 人員管理－修正「部門管理」未出現「匯出、匯入」按鈕之問題&#x20;
* 人員管理－修正部門設定無法刪除所屬部門之問題&#x20;
* 人員管理－修正「部門管理」儲存使用者時未顯示儲存成功之問題

## 1.1.6.3 Fix1 Ver (2023-09-27)

* 系統－切換日本版本時，更換字體為 Noto Sans JP
* &#x20;更新檔－修正更新時未正確更新部門代號、職務代號之問題
* 更新檔－修正更新時未正確將「舊組織圖」轉換成「新組織圖」之問題
* 更新檔－修正主選單未隱藏「組織圖管理」項目
* 更新檔－修正Collector無法正常更新及部分文字顯示問題
* 組織圖－修正勾選查詢部門時，會查詢失敗之問題
* 應用管理－修改流程元件【同系職務】的查找邏輯

## 1.1.6.3 Ver (2023-09-15)

* 新增簽核機制
  * 主選單「應用管理」新增「簽核管理」項目，可設計簽核樣板
  * 「流程設計」的人工元件可選擇「簽核樣板」
  * 「我的任務」因應一般任務及簽核任務修改相關顯示
  * 個人資料新增「進階代理」頁籤，可設定簽核相關代理
* 組織圖重製及優化
  * 組織圖設計－「職務權責」改為在組織元件內設定
  * 組織圖設計－可設計多張組織圖
  * 組織圖設計－支援 excel 匯出匯入
  * 職務權責－支援 excel 匯出匯入
* AD及部門管理優化
  * 可設計職務權責
  * 支援 excel 匯出匯入
  * 部門設定可刪除所屬部門
  * 新增「排序」欄位，於個人資料按順序顯示
* 主要選單－修正展開時有機率與其他項目重疊之問題
* 主要選單－切換頁面時會繼承退縮設定並記錄在Cookie
* 我的任務－修正特定情況下進行「快速操作」失敗之問題－博州
* 服務請求－未送出之表單內容會暫存在Cookie，並詢問是否恢復
* 服務請求－修正「日期」與「子表格>日期」顯示格式不同之問題
* 一般表單－管理員權限將不受到檢視規則限制
* 一般表單－「匯出、匯入」功能需分別檢查「檢視、新增」權限
* 應用管理－流程設計「組織圖」元件現在可指定查詢組織圖或部門
* 應用管理－表單設計新增「外部查詢」欄位，可透過python程式碼查詢外部資料並呈現「子查詢」功能
* 應用管理－表單設計時「位置」欄位在設定完畢後會取消唯讀狀態之問題
* 應用管理－修正「人工元件」設計「子表格」，使其內含下拉選單並作為子查詢的等於條件，若使用者在人工元件時，選了下拉選單並未設計在起始表單的選項，此時點擊該子查詢會無反應。
* 參數設定－settings.py追加參數"LOGIN\_FAIL\_FREQUENCY"可設定「錯誤登入次數」
* 參數設定－settings.py追加參數"LOGIN\_LOCK\_MIN"可設定「拒絕登入時長」

## 1.1.6.2 Fix3 Ver (2023-06-20)

* Fix the problem that the Linux Fix version can not update the Patch.

## 1.1.6.2 Fix2 Ver (2023-06-12)

* Application Design - Corrected the problem of endless loops when the field linkage \[triggering field, modified field] is repeated.
* General Form - Corrected the problem that after the user is deleted, it cannot be displayed normally in the \[User] field of the history.

## 1.1.6.2 Fix1 Ver (2023-05-31)

* Fixed the problem that some users could not execute the update file normally

## 1.1.6.2 Ver (2023-05-31)

* Login - Solved the problem that the login failure lock function is invalid after system restarted.
* Main Menu - Added Search Function&#x20;
* Service Request - Fix the problem that the service request is not correctly hidden \[hidden field].&#x20;
* Service Request - Add \[Add to Favorites] function
* Service Request - Added customized functions, please refer to the document website for details.&#x20;
* My Mission - ongoing tasks and closed tasks are changed to retrieve the data of the previous 14 days by default.
* App Management - The process is no longer allowed to be called by other processes by default, it needs to be checked in \[Parameter Settings].
* App Management - Added \[Application Parameters] to provide process calls for the same application&#x20;
* App Management - Added "※Location" column to record GPS address on mobile service&#x20;
* App Management - Corrected the problem that no data will be found when dynamically querying other forms \[Creator] with the \[User] field.
* App Management - Corrected the problem that when the code component opens an order through tools, if the subtable field is blank, the bill will be abnormal.
* App Management - Corrected the problem that if the upper-level department and the lower-level department are set at the same time in the \[Department, Assignees and Groups] field, the display will be abnormal.
* General Form - Corrected the problem that the screen would go to the top after selecting \[subquery, user] when billing.&#x20;
* General Form - Fixed the problem that the fields affected by field linkage could not be translated correctly when switching languages.&#x20;
* General Form - Fixed the problem that the \[data\_no] field will be queried together when the subquery is searched.
* General Form - Fixed the problem that some browsers did not display the file name when printing \[File Field].&#x20;
* Data Collection - Corrected the problem that the \[Close Order API] of event management could not close the event correctly.&#x20;
* Data Collection - Fixed the problem that \[Event Management > Incident Rules] could not select all Incident rules.&#x20;
* Japanese version - Fixed the problem that \[period symbol] was incorrect.&#x20;
* System Settings - Added \[Administrator Mode] setting, which prevents general login and prompts a message after enabling it.
* API - Fixed the problem that the system slowed down when calling a large number of OMFLOW APIs.

## 1.1.6.1 Fix3 Ver (2023-05-02)

* Version update – Fixed the problem that the version below 1.1.5.2 could not be successfully updated

## 1.1.6.1 Fix2 Ver (2023-04-11)

* Service Request - Corrected the problem that the upper and lower limits of the "Single/Multiple Selection"  field were not correctly limited.
* APP Management - Fixed the problem that the window would not disappear after clicking OK when designing the "Single/Multiple Selection" field in the form.
* General Forms - Fixed the problem that the "Confirm" button of the "Static Form" disappeared.
* Data Collection - Fixed the problem that process design cannot drag components.
* Data Collection - Fix the problem that the event is not closed normally.
* System settings - Fixed an issue where the user information would be cleared after synchronization when the corresponding LDAP user field was empty.

## 1.1.6.1 Fix1 Ver (2023-04-07)

* My Mission - Fixed an issue where tasks were not displayed correctly when switching to Japanese.
* Service Request - Fixed "subtable > subquery" cannot be queried correctly under certain circumstances.
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that the process design "Internal flow" input tab was not displayed correctly.
* Data Collection - Fixed an issue where the event information did not correctly display the schedule name.

## 1.1.6.1 Ver (2023-03-31)

* API - Now you can find the data by filling in the display text or value in the search **status** field.
* Announcement - No announcements and no notifications will no longer automatically display.&#x20;
* My Mission - "Ongoing Mission, Closed single Mission, Fill-in record" can also check the full data display function.
* My Mission - Remove the department option on the top right.&#x20;
* My Mission - Now you can click the light on the **Main Menu** to filter mission list.
* My Mission - Fixed that under special circumstances, the paperclip icon would not be displayed in the mission list.
* My Mission - Fix the problem that the attached file icon will not appear in the "File Upload" field during the non-bill stage&#x20;
* My Mission & General Form - Fixed the problem that the stop position of the closed mission and the process view were different under certain circumstances.
* Service Request - Add the feature to fill in personal information, which can trigger field calculation rules.
* Service Request - Fixed an issue where a lot of blank space might be left on the final confirmation.&#x20;
* Service Request - Corrected the problem that some of fields still displays Chinese after switching language.
* Service Request - Fixed the problem that the sub-query field can still be operated when the calculation rule is set to read-only.
* Service Request - Corrected the problem that if the "User" field is set to filter by organization, no users will be found.
* Questionnaire : Add verification code when applied.&#x20;
* Job Proxy - Fixed the problem that a deactivated user can still be represented. &#x20;
* Data Collection - add detailed information to the disconnection event of the collector.&#x20;
* General Forms - When viewing a closed form, all fields will now be changed to read-only.
* General Forms - The drop-down menu of the sub-form field is changed to select and one-click operation.&#x20;
* General Forms & My Mission - "Fill-in record" and form "History" will now be displayed in calculation rules.&#x20;
* General Forms - When viewing the data list, if you select "Data NO" to sort, it will be sorted by "Create Time".
* General Forms - Correct the problem that the csv file generated by exporting data will display garbled characters when meeting in excel&#x20;
* General Forms - Fixed the problem that if the data verification fails under certain circumstances, it will not stay on the form page.
* General Forms & Service Request - Fixed the problem that the value of the field would be cleared when clicking on the date field and then canceling.&#x20;
* General Forms - Fixed the problem that the pop-up window would be closed by pressing the ESC key.&#x20;
* General Forms - Fix the problem of insufficient permissions in subquery under special circumstances.&#x20;
* General Forms - Corrected the problem that an error would pop up when pressing cancel before exporting the form data and exporting again.
* General Forms - Corrected the problem that if the form is closed without the "manual input" element after the sub-process returns, an error will be displayed in the process.
* General Forms - Correct the subtable under the Japanese language system, the default name is still Chinese.&#x20;
* APP Management - The roles of specific applications can design service requests, schedules, and design display fields by themselves after these apps deployed.&#x20;
* APP Management - Flow design can hide "SLA" and "Print" on setting page.
* APP Management - The "Manual Input" component of the flow design can be designed to display the "Save" button.
* APP Management - Calculation rules of flow design adds the function of hiding and displaying blocks.
* APP Management - The custom form in the "manual input" component can now be loaded into the prompt field.&#x20;
* APP Management - Added "Work Log" column in the form design to view all work logs of the order.
* APP Management - "Single/Multiple Selection" field can now limit the number of checks.&#x20;
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that the field calculation rules can affect the subtablewhen designing the form.
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that the user query of the Default Flow will find the deleted user (need to re-download from the cloud and deploy)
* APP Management - When modifying the form design, after adding a "Single/Multiple Selection" field, there will be an error jumping when the file is directly saved without designing option.
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that the subquery in the subtable, if the query is performed with dynamic conditions, the data is incorrect.&#x20;
* APP Management - Fix the problem that the default value of the "Single/Multiple Selection" field is not working.&#x20;
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that if both read-only and mask are checked in the Input field of the form design, the form cannot not be applied.&#x20;
* APP Management - Corrected system parameters have setting masks, but when opening an External flow, the input and output records have no masks.&#x20;
* APP Management - Corrected the problem that the flow design "code" component would be cleared if the name of the collector.
* Report - Corrected the problem that if the column value is null, it will cause a report error.&#x20;
* Report - Corrected the problem that the query condition would judge "include" as "equal".&#x20;
* Staff Management - Corrected the problem that if there is a space in the role name, the permission setting of the process design will display an error.
* Staff Management - Corrected the problem that the user information page could not be fully displayed when the department name was too long.&#x20;
* System settings - Added an option to restrict users who have logged in incorrectly 3 times and cannot try again within 5 minutes.
* System Settings - "AD Synchronization" Added whether to use authorization option&#x20;
* System settings - If the AD related config is not enabled, it will be saved now and will not try to connect again.&#x20;

## 1.1.6.0 Ver (2022-11-30)

* System - Server installation file can now choose built-in database DBMaker (maximum capacity 2GB).
* System - Collector installation file additional setting http/https.
* System - New announcement system (need to update the built-in process).
* System - New notification function (need to update the built-in process).
* System - Modified authorization calculation method.&#x20;
* System - Removed "flag" display in the upper right corner.&#x20;
* System - Added Japanese version authorization.&#x20;
* System - Supports Japanese-specific fonts.&#x20;
* Login - IE is no longer supported.
* Login - Corrected the problem when login fails, the user record in the "Login Logout Record" is the system account.
* Login - Corrected the problem when wrong password is entered, it will not be prompted correctly.&#x20;
* Dashboard - Default sorting of "Table" graphics changed from second column to first column.&#x20;
* Dashboard - Corrected the problem that "Form" cannot be displayed when only one field is set.&#x20;
* Dashboard - Fixed an issue where the colors of different time axes of the "Histogram" were inconsistent.&#x20;
* Dashboard - Corrected the problem that "0" is not displayed when no data found when querying "sum, quantity" data.
* Dashboard - Corrected the problem that the title would exceed the graph when it was too long.&#x20;
* Dashboard - When designing "bar chart, line chart, pie chart ", when the category field is a light signal , the corresponding color will be displayed according to the light signal.&#x20;
* Dashboard - Added "Export, Import" function.&#x20;
* My Mission - "Paperclip" icon moves to the left of the title when a task has a file attached.
* My Mission - Fixed the problem of different sorting between the web version and the mobile version.&#x20;
* Service Request - Translations can be exported for a single service request.&#x20;
* Service Request - Multiple fields can be added at design time.&#x20;
* Service Request - When designing, you can select the fields to be added by searching.&#x20;
* Service Request - Corrected the problem that the "Department" field cannot be restored to blank after selection.&#x20;
* Service Request - Corrected the parameter error problem after importing questionnaire.&#x20;
* Service Request - Optimize the "Question Ticket " experience in the mobile version.&#x20;
* Data Collection - Corrected the problem that when the collector process "event billing" was set, if "not equal to" was selected and saved, it would change back to "equal to".&#x20;
* General Forms - Added "Export, Import" function on the form list interface.&#x20;
* APP Management - When correcting the copying process, if the API path is not changed, it can still be put on the shelf.&#x20;
* APP Management - Added "Schedule Name" field in schedule setting.&#x20;
* Design APP - Add advanced settings to the "Parameter Management" of the process to customize the "Data NO" rule.
* Design APP - Now only one app can be available at a time.&#x20;
* Form Design - "Subquery > Dynamic Conditions > User Department" added the condition "Include, Exclude".&#x20;
* Form Design - "Other" options can be added to the "Single/multiple selection menu" field to fill in by yourself.&#x20;
* Form Design - Corrected the problem that you can press the space bar to select when the "drop-down" column is set to read-only.
* Form Design - Corrected the problem that the field "Subtable > Subquery" was not working when "Query only" is ticked.
* Form Design - Fixed the problem that the "Subtable" displayed the "Number" when the mouse hovered over the edit button.
* Form Design - Corrected the problem that an error will occur if the "Single/multiple selection menu" field is not set, and if it is saved&#x20;
* Form Design - Added "Field Copy" function.&#x20;
* Form Design - Hide the function of "Republic of China Year" in the "Date" column&#x20;
* Form Design - Add "Relation" function to change column dynamically with  "Column calculation rules".
* Form Design - Added copy function for "Column calculation rules".
* Flow Design - In the setting tab of most components, the FORMITM number will be added to the field name.&#x20;
* Flow Design - Corrected the problem that if the verification fails during the execution of the "manual processing" component, the order will not be able to sent again.&#x20;
* Flow Design - Corrected the problem that the default value of the sub-process was not correctly brought into this component during the design of the "Sub-Flow" component.
* Flow Design - Corrected the problem that if the "Dynamic Parallel" pushes the same order at the same time, the order will be copied into two.&#x20;
* Flow Design - Corrected the problem that when the "Conditional Judgment" component is executed, if the variable name and variable value are the same, the problem of judgment error will be corrected.
* Report - Corrected the problem that the "Static Form" could not generate reports correctly.&#x20;
* Report - Corrected the problem when the form has fields with the same name, only one of the fields will be displayed if "All Fields" is set&#x20;
* Report - Fixed the problem that there is no "status" option when setting the field.
* Report - add "Include, Exclude" to the condition setting.&#x20;
* Report - Added "Component Name" option in the display column list.&#x20;
* System Settings - The text of the main menu settings will now also be changed to the language used during installation.&#x20;
* System Settings - Added the setting of "Registration page available" to the system settings.
* System Settings - The "Default department" setting authority of user management has been changed to administrator authority.&#x20;
* System Settings - Corrected the problem that the "Attachment Maintenance" keyword could not search for files.&#x20;
* System Settings - "Staff Management" can now incorporate departments into roles.&#x20;
* System Settings - Added a description field for the "Department management".

## 1.1.5.2 Ver (2022-7-1)

#### All Version

* Login: Fixed the problem that the login fails when the user password has a colon&#x20;
* Dashboard: Fix the problem that the query of the closed order status is invalid&#x20;
* Service Request: Fixed the "File Upload" field, the problem that the file could not be uploaded under certain circumstances&#x20;
* Service request: If the back-end data verification fails after the order is issued, the content before the order is now retained
* Service Request: Fixed the problem that if the "File Upload" field is set to read-only, the file can still be uploaded&#x20;
* Service Request: Fix the problem that the imported language translation file is invalid&#x20;
* Service Request: Fixed the issue of "Data format mismatch" when importing multiple service requests&#x20;
* General form: If the back-end data verification fails after billing, the content before sending the bill will now be retained
* General form: When optimizing the "Association Operation" to establish a link, the field data of some forms are changed to display Text instead of Value
* General form: Fixed an issue where pressing the "Enter" key would repeatedly display the content when viewing the "Input/Output" window in the "Process View"
* General form: fix the problem that the main menu on the left is not positioned to the process when viewing the content of the form&#x20;
* General form: fix the problem that the "Filter" button of "Associated Action" does not respond
* Normal form: Fixed the problem that the image cannot be previewed when the "File Upload" field is set to read-only&#x20;
* Application management: When designing "Service Level Management", you can search for keywords in the field selection of "Trigger Condition, Termination Condition"
* Application management: Fixed the problem that the advanced setting content of the following process "Permission Setting" will be lost for the application exported from "Apps on the Shelf"
* Application Design: Process Design > Screening > System Screening, new parameters of "Billing Time, Pushing Person, Pushing Time"
* Application design: fool-proof mechanism when adding and deleting applications
* Application Design: When designing a "sub-process", the current sub-process name is now appended
* Process design: fix the problem that the "sub-process" data is incorrect and cannot be advanced
* Form design: hide unnecessary fields of "subquery" dynamic conditions, such as closing order status and other fields&#x20;
* Form design: add a checkmark of "Do not enter by yourself" for sub-query, only allow users to enter values through query
* Report system: Fixed the problem that all fields could not be selected when designing a report&#x20;
* Role management: optimize the display and sorting functions of the "Permissions" tab
* Staff representative: when the staff representative assists in processing the form, the sub-query is not correctly queried as the "employee representative"
* Staff representative: Fixed the problem that if the personnel information fills in the birthday information, they will not be able to be represented&#x20;
* AD Synchronization: Fixed the problem of LDAP login authentication failure&#x20;
* AD synchronization: Fixed the problem of abnormality if there are too many AD users during synchronization

## 1.1.5.1 Ver (2022-6-2)

#### All Version

* Service Request: Fix subquery permission inconsistency
* Form Design: fix the problem of translation display error
* Form Design: fix the problem of wrong data type in "Calculation Field"

## 1.1.5.0 Ver (2022-5-31)

#### All Version

* Main Menu: Process names under the same application are now sorted by name
* Documentation website: Fix the problem that the parameter description in the API section is wrong
* My Tasks: Fixed the problem that the magnifying glass button of "External Process > Subprocess" in the Tasks in Progress tab is not available
* Service Request: At design time, you can set whether to support mobile phone services
* Service Request: When designing, the FORMITM number will be displayed when selecting a form field
* Service request: When designing, you can set whether to confirm the content again before sending the request
* Service Request: Fix the problem that if the request fails, the page cannot be scrolled when returning to the step to fill in
* Service Request: Fixed the issue that if you drag any service request under the keyword query and save it during design, it will cause the design to be sorted incorrectly
* Service Request: Fix the problem that the page cannot be scrolled after filling in the request if the subquery field is used
* Service Request: Modify the "Export" function, which can now be exported individually
* General form: Fixed the problem that the work log content could not be displayed normally after doing Add and Cancel action
* General form: fix the problem that the sub-query find out the closed orders
* General form: Fixed the problem that the history of the form could not accurately see whether the supervisor approved or not
* Form Design: Added "Subform" field
* Form Design: Added "Upload File" field
* Form Design: Fix the problem that when opening the prompt field setting, the last opened prompt field setting will be displayed.
* Form Design: fix the problem of reading too long when the application content is huge
* Form Design: Added the "Barcode" field, which can be scanned with the camera when using mobile phone services
* Form Design: add subquery function to field calculation rules
* Form Design: Added a "GPS" field to automatically fill in geographic information when using mobile phone services
* Form Design: Multi-line input text fields will now not prompt for spelling errors
* Form Design: Modify the "Prompt" field to a multi-line input field
* Flow Design: Modify the "Organization Chart" component, now you need to specify the query "Title" or "Responsibility"
* Flow Design: fix the problem that if a blank output variable is added to the "End Component", an error will occur when calling through the "Call Process, External Process" component
* Flow Design: Fixed the problem that some options in the input tab of the "Call Flow" component were not correctly read only
* Flow Design: now the system's pre-modification of the field value in the "Manual Processing Component" will no longer be attributed to the previous user's process
* Flow Design: fix the problem that the process description field will be cleared when the process is copied
* Flow Design: Optimize the logic of the "organization chart" component. When the queryee does not set a default organization, the queryee will use this as the starting point on the organization chart.
* Flow Design: The functional element "Dynamic Parallelism" now also supports the "Subtable" field, which can be automatically split and parallelized according to the number of data entries
* Flow Design: Fixed the problem that the process cannot continue to move forward after OMFLOW restarts the data that has not returned to the "Dynamic Collection" after "Dynamic Parallel"
* Incident Management: Fixed the problem that the content field of "Incident Rules" has a newline symbol and an error occurs
* Incident Management: Fixed an issue where the source field of "Incident Rules" was not properly matched
* Staff generation mechanism: optimize the display effect when users switch identities to other users
* Parameter Management: fix the problem that the filter window will not be automatically closed after filtering
* SLA: Fixed an issue where setting the trigger condition field as a drop-down menu would not work
* System Settings: Added "Login and Logout Records" function
* System Settings: If the original AD user lacks necessary information during AD synchronization, it will now be deactivated instead of deleted

#### Free Version

* Mobile Service: Fixed field modification functionality for unsupported service requests
* Mobile Service: Fixed the problem that the prompt notification was not sent correctly when the APP was opened
* Mobile Service: Modify "My Tasks", now the form will display the tracking number
* Mobile Service: Fixed the problem that the keyboard cannot be closed after the input of the field is completed
* Mobile Service: Fixed the problem that the display order of the form blocks in "My Tasks" is reversed

## 1.1.4.2 Ver (2022-3-18)

#### All Version

* Service Request: When adding a field at design stage, the field's ID is now displayed
* Service Request: Fix the problem that the screen cannot be scrolled after using "Subquery"&#x20;
* Normal form: Fixed the problem that when placing an order, if there is an additional file, it will fail

## 1.1.4.1 Ver (2022-2-11)

#### All Version

* My Mission: Fixed the issue that the billing data did not appear in "Ongoing Mission"
* Service Request: Fixed the issue that "Forced to upload files" can send files without uploading files&#x20;
* Service Request: Fixed an error when hiding multiple "folders"&#x20;
* APP Management: APP Management title name is now abbreviated when too long&#x20;
* APP Management: Sub-Flow can now be duplicated within the original process
* APP Management: fix the problem that delete multiple "Sub-Flow " in "Flow Design"&#x20;
* APP Management: Fix the problem that the permission setting of "Flow Design" enables advanced settings to cause errors&#x20;
* System Settings: Fix the problem that "Attachment Maintenance" does not display data

## 1.1.4.0 Ver (2022-1-7)

#### All Version

* System: Optimized interface translation
* Service request: Add the function of direct preview when the attached file is a picture
* Service request: Fix the problem that an error occurs when the "User, Organization" field is not selected
* Service request: Fix the problem of displaying errors when the form flow behind the "Survey" is removed
* General form: add the function of direct preview when the attached file is a picture
* General form: Fix the problem that the output variable is displayed on the input tab at the "Dynamic collection" point under the flow view
* General form: Fixed the problem that the text of "Flow" exceeds the button in Japanese mode
* Application management: The custom name of the connection point will be directly displayed inside the "Conditional judgment" point of the process design
* Application Management: Fix the problem that the default value in the form design field will be abnormal if double quotes are used
* Application Management: Corrected the problem that the mask of the system parameter was changed from "Yes" to "No", and the "Process View" still showed the mask
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where the "sub, external processes" points of the process design could not be correctly worked when the form process was renamed
* Application Management: Fixed the problem that the "prompt" field of the form design would not wrap automatically
* Application management: Fix the problem that the application name using double quotes will be abnormal
* Application management: fix the problem that the "sub-process" of the process design can no longer call other sub-processes
* Application Management: Fix the problem of displaying errors in sub-processes using "Subquery"
* Application management: Fixed the problem that when the input field of the form design is set to a unique value, and the duplicate value is entered when the order is opened, an error will pop up
* Application Management: Fix the problem that the button is blocked when the parameter management description is too long&#x20;

#### Free Version

* System: Support "load balancing" architecture
* System: Support "high availability" architecture
* System: add the version 1.1.4.0 installation file, the untranslatable text in the system will correspond to the language selected during installation
* Mobile phone: in the setting page can see the past billing or processing records
* Data collection: Fix the problem that the source of the event issued by the collector is not displayed normally
* Data collection: Fix the problem that the severity level of the event billing setting of the collector process does not match the actual level
* Data collection: Fix the problem that the "data" function of the Collector API jumps out of error
* Staff management: Fixed the problem that the substitute will be displayed when manually creating user
* API: Fixed an issue where the closing event API could not close the event ticket opened with the API
* API: Fixed an issue where an error would occur if the "User, Group" field was not specified and the default value was used when opening an order　

## 1.1.3.2 Ver (2021-11-25)

#### All Version

* Login page: The current OMFLOW version will now be displayed
* Homepage: Users can customize the login page in their personal information&#x20;
* Dashboard: "Table" graphics can now customize display fields&#x20;
* Dashboard: The graph type can now be set whether to query the order data&#x20;
* My task: You can choose whether to view the complete information in the task list
* My task: The "Quick Action" column of the task list is fixed on the far right&#x20;
* Service request: When designing, service request can now add blank fields
* Service request: When designing, the field setting can now be set to "half width, full width"&#x20;
* Service request: When designing, the category folder can now be set to open objects&#x20;
* Service request: Fix the problem that the content of the "reminder" field will not break&#x20;
* Service request: Fix the problem that "sub-query" may display incorrectly
* Service request: Fixed an issue where "users" clicked the magnifying glass icon and did not respond
* APP management: The "manual input point" of the process design can now be added to the existing fields on the main form&#x20;
* APP management: When the route is canceled at the judgment point of the process design, it can now be canceled in the same connection method
* APP management: The "manual input point" of the process design will no longer be able to add the "title, light number, assignee of the assigned organization" field&#x20;
* APP management: Fixed an issue that may cause display errors when using symbols in the field default values or titles in the form
* APP management: Fixed an issue where the "Column Calculation" function may be incorrect when calculating conditions&#x20;
* APP management: Fixed an issue where the system parameter mask was not displayed correctly when viewing process variables after the system parameter mask was changed&#x20;

#### Free Version

* Data collection: Fix the problem that the collector flow rate cannot display the chart correctly
* Staff management: When viewing the "hosted organization" in the organization chart, it will be displayed in a pop-up window instead
* Staff management: The organization chart has a new keyword function, which can directly search for any text on the organization chart and locate the screen to the component

## 1.1.3.1 Ver (2021-09-24)

#### All Version

* System function: IE browser is no longer supported
* General UI: optimized Japanese and English translation
* Dashboard: Fix the problem that the "table" graph is not hidden with no viewing rights application process
* Service request: Fixed the problem that the default value of "single/multi-select menu" could not be set
* General form: optimized service management and built-in process Japanese and English translation (please go to the cloud to download and list)
* General form: Modified advanced search, now the field "Is it abnormal" fills in a value other than "Normal, Abnormal" and the form cannot be searched&#x20;
* Application management: Process design "external process, internal process" will now automatically establish "data association"
* Application Management: Fixed the problem that the periodic function of "Schedule Setting" has a chance to fail

## 1.1.3.0 Ver (2021-06-30)

### Free Version

* My task: fix the problem that the mobile version does not hide the field correctly
* Service request: fix the problem that the field of the mobile version of the "assigned organization" is abnormal
* Report: The report system has added "Viewable Roles and Categories" related settings
* Report: Add "Creator" option to the form display field of the report system
* Report: Report system adds user list and organization role report
* Report: Fixed an issue where the default field "Creation Time" displayed incorrectly
* Report: Fixed the problem that the number of blank symbols displayed in the report was not displayed correctly
* System setting: Support Open Ldap system
* System setting: Fix the problem of LDAP "connection check" error
* Others: Add software lease license category
* Others: Fix the problem that the installation file shows that the installation is complete but the update process is still running

### All Version

* Dashboard: Fixed an issue where the graphics of "Form Query" displayed abnormally in the "Lamp" column
* My task: Adjust the display order of the "Processing record" field
* Service request: After sending failed, it will now be forwarded to the error field page
* Service request: The list presented in "Sub-query" can now be checked directly by clicking on the item
* Service request: In the design mode, independent design function is added to "Field Name, Required, Description"
* Service request: In the design mode, a new "Survey" function is added, and service requests can be used without login
* Service request: Fix the problem that the field name will not automatically wrap when the field name is too long
* Service request: Fixed the problem of repeated fields when clicking on the service continuously
* General form: When the form stays at the manual point after the parallel process, the last stagnation point of the viewing process will now stop at the manual point
* General form: Fixed an issue where "Advanced Search" could not search for assignees and assigned groups
* General form: Fixed the problem that the "Same department position, department position" component will not generate process records after execution
* General form: Fixed the problem of repeated push orders caused by users continuously clicking the "Send" button
* General form: Fix the problem that clear codes will be displayed in the parameters of the process view if the process refers to the system parameter of the "masking" type
* General form: Fixed the problem of incorrect search results in the "Is it abnormal" field for advanced search
* General form: Fixed the problem that the starting point field displayed when the bill is opened for the process of undesigned form will be mandatory to fill in
* General form: Fixed an issue where null would be displayed if the input data on the input tab is empty when the process of an undesigned form is opened
* General form: fix the problem that the "filter" function of the associated operation interface does not work
* General form: After the form is closed, the last manual point data cannot be seen in the process.
* Application management: Dynamic query function is added to the "Sub query" field.
* Application management: Establish a decentralization mechanism, the editing area application can now be authorized to the role with "view permission" to edit and put on the shelf.
* Application management: "Mask" related settings have been added to the "Input" field, which will be masked in the list or read-only.
* Application management: The input field of the process design "internal process, external process" will now bring the parameter with the same name or default value in advance
* Application Management: The "label" field is added to the form design, which is used as an instruction reminder
* Application management: The "Data Viewing Rules" tab is added to the form flow editing page, which can set advanced viewing rules
* Application management: Work logs can now be removed by people with form editing permissions.
* Application management: Fixed an issue where the "input" field type "email, URL" was not correctly imported into the regex.
* Application Management: Fixed the problem that the schedule setting will be executed immediately after activation&#x20;
* Application management: Fix the problem of gray status (RUNNING) under certain circumstances when using the process to push orders
* Application management: When the process design is corrected, the assignee field will have an extra field under certain circumstances
* Application Management: Fixed the problem that after the search process, clicking the "Restore" button will clear the form of the version record of the listed application&#x20;
* Application Management: Fix the problem that the same api-path can be used under the same application
* Application management: Fixed the problem that the mouse wheel could not work when filling in the sub-query field in the schedule setting
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where the API examples in the process of being put on the shelf did not display HTTPS correctly
* Personnel management: Added a sorting mechanism to the user interface of the organization and role management page&#x20;
* Personnel Management: "Job Code" field for job management
* Personnel management: adjust API parameters related to organization and organization chart&#x20;
* Personnel management: user account and mailbox check are no longer case sensitive&#x20;
* Personnel management: Fixed the problem that people without delete permission can still see the delete button in the job management page

## 1.1.2.3 Ver (2021-04-14)

### All Version

* Fix an issue where the drop-down menu "check lower limit" was set to 0 to generate an error message
* Fix the problem that the service request cannot be used in the process with the old calculation field
* Fix the problem that \[] is displayed on the data list when there is no data in the drop-down menu field
* Fix the problem that the report name does not appear on the prompt window when the report name is repeated
* Fix an issue where an error would be displayed when returning to the form list after viewing the form data
* Fix the calculation field about the date calculation error and other related issues
* Fix the problem that the manual point quick operation design in the sub-process is invalid

## 1.1.2.2 Ver (2021-04-07)

### Free Version

* New "rental authorization" mechanism&#x20;
* Added "Agent Mechanism" system, where the agent can assist the principal to handle "My Tasks, Service Requests"
  * 主選單>系統設定>指定固定代理人
  * The built-in process adds "leave process" to specify the agent during the period
  * Main Menu>User Management>Leave Record
  * Main Menu>User Management>Agent Record
  * New API，可至[API介紹>請假紀錄](4.md)詳閱
* The built-in process adds "leave process, user query, organization query", please use the cloud to download and upload by yourself
* Application management>>Parameter management adds the following variables to cooperate with the new built-in process
  * default\_pro\_group\_id：Problem process, default assigned organization ID
  * default\_cha\_group\_id：Change process, assign organization ID by default
  * default\_cha\_review\_user\_id：Change process, preset reviewer ID, which can be separated by a comma, such as: 2,3,4
  * imap\_user：IMAP User login account
  * imap\_password：IMAP user login password
* When designing the report, the column display can now select "All Columns"
* When adding a report, under certain circumstances, the additional display field below will be completely blank.
* Fixed an issue where general users with data collection management rights could not call up the collector process on the dashboard
* Fixed an issue where an error of no permission would pop up when selecting the collector process on the dashboard

### All Version

* New process design "dynamic parallel point, dynamic parallel termination point" function points
* Organization management can now change the parent organization that the organization belongs to
* Add "table" for dashboard graphics
* The form design hides the "Calculation Field" and adds a "Field Calculation Rule" block below
* The following functions have been added to the form design "drop-down menu":
  * Check: Use check function
  * Check upper limit: When checking, you can limit the maximum number of check items
  * Lower limit of check: when check, you can limit the minimum number of check items
  * Option order: When checked, the items are arranged in the order selected by the user
* Add "Print" function to form data, which can be directly printed out according to the design of the form
* The person who filled out the form in the form history is displayed as the user account, changed to the user name
* Fixed the problem that the "rights and responsibilities" of the organization chart could not be searched and obtained in the process "family positions, department positions"&#x20;
* Fixed the problem that the input at the beginning of the sub-process + required fields were not executed correctly in certain situations
* Correct the service level-the time confirmation button is invalid
* Fixed an issue where the form content would jump to an error if the column of the point query is incorrect when using the schedule
* Fixed the problem that the filter function of some pages does not close the pop-up window after clicking OK
* Fixed an issue where the field cannot be displayed if the process name has (-) when using the service level
* Fixed an issue where the field cannot be displayed if the process name has (-) when using the service level
* Fixed the problem that the organization cannot be added even if the organization name is different, the organization name is repeated
* Fixed an issue where user field settings can still be added in read-only settings
* Fix the problem that the field displayed in the process will be the display field of the previous process point

{% hint style="info" %}
This time some functions need to update the built-in process, please [download and deploy it](../5/6.md#ying-yong-she-ji)。
{% endhint %}

## 1.1.2.1 Ver (2021-02-23)

### **Free Version**

* LDAP synchronization can specify information to fill in user-specified fields
* LDAP add periodic synchronization function
* Fixed the problem that the condition setting of event to accident did not check required fields
* Fixed an issue where the related report function would be abnormal when the user's form viewing permission was removed

### All Version

* When the form is designed, there will be \* prompts in the fixed fields "title, status, light number, assignee"
* Organization chart provides API interface
* New assignment and review functions in the organization chart
* Added an error reminder when creating a role with the same name as the organization
* Added the response feedback of login and registration functions when the network is delayed
* Fixed the old field not being hidden in the service request
* Fixed an issue that caused an error to jump when switching versions of apps already on the shelf
* Fixed an issue where some fields in the form process could not be correctly exported for translation
* Fixed an issue where an error occurred when canceling the initial design of the dashboard
* Fixed the problem that not found will be displayed when returning to the previous page after logging in
* Fixed the problem of skipping errors if the search conditions were not given values during advanced search
* Fix the regex function of the form design, when the field is required and does not meet the regex rules, it will now correctly prompt
* Fixed the problem that the fields and conditions of the service level will not be cleared when changing the process, and the required fields are not checked
* Fixed an issue where the "judgment point" of the process design was not numerically compared in some cases
* Corrected the problem that the input data of internal and external process function points did not prompt "required" when designing the process
* Fixed an issue where no permission appeared in the "History" of viewing form data
* Fixed the problem that when viewing the "History" of the form data, the master order of parallel points would be retrieved together

{% hint style="info" %}
This time some functions need to update the built-in process, please [download and deploy it](../5/6.md#ying-yong-she-ji)。
{% endhint %}

## 1.1.2.0 Ver (2020-12-23)

### Free Version

* New report system
* User Management> AD View> When synchronizing LDAP, you can check whether to synchronize the organization
* System Settings> System Settings will not synchronize AD data when saving
* System Settings> System Settings Add a button to synchronize all the collector report URLs
* Python function points and Collector package update function
* Data Collection> Event Management Add event related API
* The log system changes debug from true to false
* New mobile APP

### All Version

* Apps> Form data filtering can be field searched (multi-column query must be matched at the same time)
* Application Management> Application Design> New Republic Time Column for Form Design
* The update patch of the same version can be installed repeatedly
* New fields for service request "Year of the Republic of China, Organization, User"

## 1.1.1.0 Ver (2020-10-16)

### Free Version

* Customize application "Association Operation" to add parent-child order association
* The custom application process \`\`python'' function point can now specify a specific collector to execute
* Cancel the parameter setting of the collector group, and add the function of setting system parameters on the collector page
* The collector process splits the delivery into "delivery, execution", the delivery is the designated collector's shelf process, and the execution is the set schedule function
* Collector process data function, adding a drop-down menu for scheduling to switch display
* A new option "Text" is added to the "Type" field of the collector process parameter setting, and the monitoring results will be displayed in a table
* In the "start point, end point" of the collector process, add input and output schedule\_name fixed parameters
* Added collector process copy function
* Modify the file name exported by the collector process

### All Version

* When the form data has a time field, the filter function will add time interval conditions
* The user management new tab "Administrator Privileges" can be set whether to have administrator privileges
* Three fields of "select user, select organization, calculation input" are added to the custom form
* The import of service request does not replace the original service, and the service request to be imported can be checked
* LOGGING optimization

## 1.1.0.1 Ver (2020-09-04)

* Fixed an issue where an error would pop up when opening two "My Tasks" tabs in the same browser
* Fixed an issue where variables cannot be displayed in internal process>process input when there are two identical applications with the same process in the application design
* Fixed an issue where an error occurred when using RestAPI when two account names were similar (admin, admin123)
* Cancel the start point on the process component, python click the "Allow external calls" option
* Fix the problem that the drop-down options are not hidden when the assignee is hidden in the form design> assigned organization
* Fix the problem that the header of the process view> step table is not expanded
* Fix the problem of returning 404 when the content of the API call is empty 8. Fix the problem that the system error window pops up when the application design deletes the application

## 1.1.0.0 Ver (2020-08-21)

Multi-language support, Traditional Chinese/Simplified Chinese/English/Japanese

## 1.0.0.1 Fix (2020-07-24)

* When the "Assignee and Organization" field is set in the flow, it will have no effect if there is no assigned organization. Now the assignee's default organization will be brought out correctly.
* Fix the problem that the cloud download function cannot download APP correctly.
* Fixed an issue where the sending function could not work correctly when the service level agreement was triggered.
* Fixed an issue where the conditions for triggering an accident ticket in event management could not be triggered correctly.
* Fix the problem that the current level is sometimes not marked correctly in the ongoing flow.
* Fix the display ordering problem of organization management function.
* The CodeMirror suite used has medium-risk information security issues, and the suite is modified to fix the vulnerabilities.
* The query API in the API of the newly added flow.

## 1.0.0.0 Ver (2020-07-13)

### Free Version

* New organization chart function
* Added data collector and data collection function
* Added incident management/incident management/problem management/change management functions
* Windows/Linux automatic installation package
* Free version of Docker Image released (omflow/server)

### Open Source Version

* Fix the display/hide/drag problem of components during flow design.
* Fix errors that occur when deleting data
* Flow design "Execution flow record" and "Application programming interface" check the two checkboxes have no effect
* Some flow will cause stuck problems
* Fix many service request interface problems
* The open source version of Docker Image is available (omflow/open)

## 0.1.0.0 Ver (2020-04-22)

First version , open source to GitHub ( [https://github.com/syscomgo/omflow](https://github.com/syscomgo/omflow) )
